# Friday, March 5, 2021

## Setup local dev server

1. db_qa
2. 


## Learning Ruby

[ruby basics](https://launchschool.com/books/ruby/read/basics)

Notes are mainly from [Ruby The Odin Project.](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming)

### Conditionals

Ruby falsy values are `nil` and `false` so

 `''`, `0`, `"false"` are all true. 

`.eql?` - checks if the value and the type are the same
`.equal?` - checks if they are the same object in memory

`<=>` - spaceship operator returns 3 values
* `-1` if value on the left is less than the value on the right
* `0` if the value on the left is equal to the value on the right
* `1` if the value on the left is greater than the value on the right

case statements are similar to switch statements in javascript

```ruby
grade = 'F'

did_i_pass = case grade
  when "A" then "Hell yea!"
  when "D" then "Don't tell your mother."
  else "McDonald's is hiring"
end

# or if you need to have comlex computations
did_i_pass = case grade
  when "A"
    puts "You're very smart"
    back_account = 40_000
  when 'D'
  ### and the rest
```

`unless` is the opposite of `if`

### Loops

`loop` is an infinite loop. Use `break` to exit

```ruby
i = 0
loop do
puts "i is #{i}"
  i++
  break if i == 20
end
```

`while` loop can be used in such a way. The loop will iterate until "yes" gets entered.
```Ruby
while gets.chomp != "yes" do
  puts "Will you go to prom with me?"
end
```

`until` - opposite of `while` loop. It will loop when condition is false

`ranges` - define an interval or how many times we want the loop to run
```Ruby
(1..5) # inclusive: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
(1...5) # exclusive: 1, 2, 3, 4

('a'..'d') # inclusive: 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd'

# for loop
for i in 0..5
  puts "#{i}"
end

# starts at index 0, |number| is passed
# exclusive
5.times do |number|
  puts "Alternative fact number #{number}"
end

# inclusive
5.upto(10) { |num| print "#{num}" }
10.downto(5) { |num| print "#{num}" }
```

## Arrays
```ruby
num_array=[1,2,3,4,5]
str_array=['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']

Array.new # []
Array.new(3) # [nil, nil, nil]
Array.new(3, 0) #[0, 0, 0]
```

Access array is similar to python.
You can specify `.first(3)` to get first 3 values or `.last(2)` to get last 2 values in the array

```ruby
[].empty? # will result in true
[1, 1, 2].include?(3) # will result in true
[1, 2, 3].reverse
```

## Hashes

Hashes can be written in a couple of ways.
```Ruby
menu_items = {
  "A1" => "The Best Chow Mein",
  "A2" => "Kung Pao Chicken",
  "A3" => "Wagyu Beef that melts in your mouth",
  "A4" => [1, 2, 3, 4],
};

# :honda => "Honda Civic" # This is the rocket way
car_types = {
  honda: "Honda Civic",
  toyota: "Toyota AE86",
  nissan: "Nissan GT-R"
}

menu_items.fetch("A5"); # This raises an error when you try to access a key not in your Hashes
# This is good when it would be problematic if nil gets returned
menu_items.fetch("A5", "Wagyu Beef") # Returns default value (Wagyu Beef)if key not found
```

Using symbols in hash keys are more performant in Ruby.

## Weekly Tech Sharing Meeting

Discussed as a group about various of topics
1. Testing
2. Tradeoffs in a startup
3. Features vs Testing

They brought quite many good points
1. The issue was that to push many features they had to forgo testing. (I still think manual QA is not efficient use of time.)
2. Siyun discussed that we can start doing unit testing for the critical parts or newer models forward
   1. Unit testing everything is too much
   2. Funny thing is that every person (Siyun -> Rei -> Lakshay -> me) all brought up the point of testing
   3. Also thinking long term maintainability of the code, testing is important.
3. Rei talked about many points too
   1. He also started doing testing for everything but after 3 months eventually stopped
   2. Time consuming to create test. Li made a test template for Ruby. I want to look into that
4. Lakshay talked about many points
   1. He also added testing for some other stuff on the FE
   2. Mock testing is time consuming because of snapshot. Also only tests unexpected behaviors but not what user expects to see
   3. Thought manual QA was unnecessary but realized the point
5. Talked about how Google created Go because too many projects had to be abandoned because they were not maintainable
6. The person who made the Unix Shell and some others created Go
7. Ryan Dahl made Node.js and Deno
8. Even the Swift creator (LLVM) said Rust was the 2nd best language
9. I think there's a lot of interest towards Rust. It's only been 5 years but the language popularity has been skyrocketing. I want to learn it. Let's not be reactive and learn it when it's too late but predictive as in expect the trend.

Conclusions:
1. I need to start learning about testing in RN with Jest
2. I need to do some more research on Storybook to see if it really is better developing with it than without. Is the tradeoffs between maintaining this library for UI Development worth the improvements in speed, testing and ease.
3. I got to start working on a side project to practice learning Backend development and managing a database.

