# Thursday, April 1, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [x] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [x] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Merged allCashOrders with the latest develop branch
   1. [x] Fix mutations errors. Certains fields are missing.
      1. Missing because the QA4 BE wasn't pointing to the proper branch
   2. [x] Fixed up the issues so that it can go to QA
      1. Boro-cash-all-orders branch works
3. Work on the no hit decline screen
   1. [x] Add a new card component for `Add SSN`
   2. [x] Modify all input info screens to follow design

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Modify `User` query to return the same parameters as the `updateUserReapply` mutation.
2. Modify `ReviewInfo` state variable for `userInfo`
3. Modify the screens to pass in props from `ReviewInfo` and vice versa from `ReapplyScreens` to `ReviewInfo`

## Questions?

1. Issue login account into the account last night around 8~9ish. It works now though.
   1. Basically it might have been because of XiaoQuan using QA4
2. What are the `data.prepareCashOptions.errors[0]` codes?
   1. `010` and `011` exist. But what do they mean?
3. Where to find where to find user info from `GET_USER`

## Backend

1. `controllers` - managing the getboro/admin site (MVC)
2. `graphql` - requests/responses for the graphql api
3. `helpers` - What is the helpers folder?
4. `model` - data type or structure of what each table or object looks like
5. `presenters` - What does this folder do?
6. `services` - 
7. `third_pary` -
8. `validations` -
9. `validators` -
10. `views` - templates for MVC
11. `workers` - 

I got to watch a tutorial or a video on Rails & Ruby. I don't know what's going on anymore. I have no idea how Rails works at all?

## Ranting

Screw Lakshay. I hate him so much. well I don't hate him but I hate how he treats me like Im stupid. Like the question I was talking about wasn't even about the graphql field errors. Mainly it was about 1. Loggin the acounts didnt work last night 2. Do I merge the develop branch into the FE. What about the BE?
Like the thing I hate the most is when people look down on me. I don't know why I hate that the most. I hate it. I can't stand it. Why is it my button? Like how the reporter put down IU and IU rebutted him by saying 'You're going to be proven wrong or something'. 2 years later she did become famous and is the Nation's sister. I'm not going to let other people dictate what I will do or accomplish and what I won't. God will be the one to decide but I'm not going to stop or give up because someone else tells me to. And it's not the case where people are trying to give you advice or wisdom on these matters but I find that people don't know shit. Most people don't give good advice or know how to navigate through all the bs in life. It's a skill to examine and to see through the BS that people pervade. Whether it's about productivity hacks, life style or stuff like that.
I was always ashamed of the gospel. People insult you and persecute you and stuff like that. I took it personally but you know what, people don't know jack crap. If they did, their lives would be a shining example of their beliefs.

One thing I wrote about in an earlier journal was a comment made in Hackernews on how to know if you have a good boss. The criteria boils down to 3 simple axioms
1. Does my boss care about me? (Lakshay - No he doesn't)
2. Is my boss someone who I admire (LK - No I don't)
3. Do they have a high standard of excellence (Sort of but I think most of the time it's like hacked together or passable)
So all in all No I dont think Lakshay is a good manager or supervisor nor is he a good leader. He needs to delegate tasks and checkup on the juniors or people to see the status. He has to think about dividing the projects or tasks into smaller components so it's easier to manage and view the timeline. He doesn't do any of these things. Also he doesn't even care about developing relationships between your team or staff. Maybe he's friendly with Rey but I always feel I'm being looked down upon. Like what can I objectively list that proves this point.
It's hard to list because it's based on how you feel
   1. I said I didn't merge `develop` to `ft-borocash-all-orders`. he acted pissed (very cold) in that I didn't do it after he asked me if I did. However, he got confused because he asked me about it for `ft-insights-feed` not the `allcashorders` screen
   2. I always feel out of the loop for everything. He doesn't update me on anything and most of the time I'm just stuck in the dark. I know nothing about the projects and at this point I'm sick of asking questions all the time. Most of the time I don't even know what I don't know because of the vastness of the codebase.
   3. I hate it. I don't know anything about the firebase sdk. I don't know what's going on with half of the stuff in product. I'm left out of the dark

My plan of action. I need to schedule a 1 on 1 with Lakshay about these things. I need to express my frustrations and my comments on all these matters.

1. I saw you were busy and I assumed that I shouldn't disturb you or try investigating myself. That's why I don't ask questions much during the day because I know you're busy. I try my best to search online and try to find the information myself. Sometimes that is difficult because it's specific project knowledge.
   1. I propose 30mins/day to go over questions or issues or such. If I don't have any, I'll tell you beforehand that I don't have any and it can get cancelled.
3. I'm kept out of the dark about all these products or updates. I really don't know what's going on at all. Half of the things brought up in the product meeting I don't know what they are.
   1. I want to be part of discussions when you talk to Siyun and Rey. I may not contribute or have anything to include but being there helps me to learn.
   2. If I can't make it, then I just won't join. You don't have to expect me to join but at least I can listen in if I can.
4. What are your expectations with me? What are your grievances about me? I'm getting the impression that you are discontent with my progress, learning, knowledge or work ethic.
   1. This is my first programming job and my degree is in Systems Engineering (Electronics & Robotics). Most of the stuff I had to self-learned.
      1. I learned C++ and OOP but that's it. I don't know DB or backend stuff that much. I mainly know about Frontend dev.
   2. It's hard when I'm not in person with senior developers where I can be asking questions non-stop. I can't even go up to anyone and ask. Also at the same time, you guys are busy so I don't know when is a good time to talk and such.

What about if my impression of him as a boss? I don't think he'll ask that. I see that he's the type of person who has an ego. Like I try to argue about something but he gets super defensive about it. It feels like imposter syndrome and someone feels scared of being revealed that they don't know. Or people feel personally attacked when people review or critque their code.

I feel better after ranting all this but I still don't like Lakshay. I'm going to keep it professional between him and me. I think that's the best course of action. I'm going to try my best not to involve personal emotions into my interactions with him. I'll do my best to be objective and straight to the point.

I'm not going to go down a notch because other people are like that. My mom, my dad, my hs friends and others. I'm not going to conform to the worst but instead stick to the best. In fact, I want to stick around those who have similar values or who I admire. It's all about aiming for better not worse.

## Another course of action

1. Schedule a 1 on 1 next week with Lakshay
2. Starting from now
   1. I'm going to speak slower and try to be more clear in asking questions
   2. I ramble too much when I speak too fast
   3. Be slow to speak, slow to anger and quick to forgive
   4. Think about Gary who was very clear and concise in his speech.