# Tuesday, March 9, 2021

[Why we need to bind event handler](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/this-is-why-we-need-to-bind-event-handlers-in-class-components-in-react-f7ea1a6f93eb/)

```javascript
class Foo extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    //this.handleClick = this.handleClick.bind(this);
  }

  handleClick(event) {
    console.log(this);
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <button type="button" onClick={this.handleClick}>
        Click Me
      </button>
    );
  }
}
```
Here `handleClick` lost it's context because it wasn't `bind`ed to `Foo`.

To understand [`this` in-depth Javascript](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-complete-guide-to-this-in-javascript/)

```javascript
<button type="button" onClick={this.handleClick}>Click Me</button>
```
Here the event handler `onClick` loses it's **implicitly bound context** and thus `this` will fall back to the global object. In our class components, `strict` mode is enabled so `this` is undefined.

### Implicit Binding

Implicit binding is when you call the function with the context object.
```javascript
obj.display();
monkeys.poop();
animals.elephant.flingPoop();
```
All of these functions have the context object preceding the function call so `this` is implicitly bound.

### Explicit Binding

Explicit Binding is using `bind` or using `arrow functions` to explicitly state the context object for the certain function.

## Invisible Woman Article

1. Human is male by data. I need to get the references. Perhaps. I'm not really convinced nowadays by trends.
2. I would argue that designs nowadays accommodate larger washrooms for woman. Airports have more space for woman or some places have two rooms for woman. Older designs may have equal space but I notice that's not the case. If there isn't a large washroom, there are two stalls or 3 stalls for woman compared to a mans 1 or two. I notice because sometimes you are waiting for a stall when in fact, a man taking a dump so it's taking long.
3. I also notice the lineup for woman's washroom. Should they make it bigger? of course. Is it realistic? Depends on space constraints. Less space for woman's washroom means less overall space. We could also shrink it so that man's washroom is tiny. Then you could argue it's not equality and all that stuff. (Although I do agree reducing man's washroom size to accomodate a larger woman's bathroom is good.)
4. App measuring steps. How a phone measures steps is by the accelerometer. How it moves? When you have it in a purse or bag the phone doesn't move or the movement is minimal. It's very difficult to approximate steps taken from such a small movement. Unless you're swinging a bag then that's a different story but at the moment, it's very hard to do accurately than taking steps.
5. Also watches have different sizes. Apple, samsung, huawei, garmin w.e. Sometimes it's just not cost-effective to have two different models. And they choose the one who is more likely to purchase the watch (for smaller companies ofc)
6. Ride-sharing companies calculate the fastest routes or such. Then it's a matter of tradeoffs and constraints. Sure companies, Uber or Grab, should have a feature to pick safer roads. Then the issue comes is how to evaluate those safer roads. How do you pick roads that are less crime prone and such? In fact, this is a **feature** not a requirement. Do we want it? Ofc everyone including man themselves do want to feel safer. However, there are tons and tons of features that we do want. It's a matter of tradeoffs.
7. Seatbelt. Sure. I think it's a good idea to design a seatbelt that fits both. However, the thing is that when you design it to be lighter for woman what happens to the male bodies. Are they going to sink? What happens then?
8. Walking distance for pregnant woman and such. When you're pregnant and in such a state and where it impacts movement or such is like what <6months? That's only half a year or lets say the entire 9 months you're in that state. Then consider how the average case is when woman aren't pregnant. In the end, design should focus on the main use cases. Should there be alternatives or accomodations for other scenarios (pregancy, wheelchair access) Of course. However, wheelchair access for the disabled is forever. It's not just another state or transitional period of time.

In the end, there's a lot of tradeoffs made. Do I agree that many designs should be changed. Sure. Should washrooms or amenities provide more space for woman. Sure, I personally seen places that have more rooms or stalls given (when watching outside ofc). However, everything is about tradeoffs and considering pregnancy is a transitional state for a period of time (<1 year), it's not a major priority.

## Meeting with Lakshay

1. db_qa (SSH to the bastion host) to access the dev database
2. rails s <- starts a server on local machine
3. secrets.yml file the Aurora db host is local host because db_qa now tunnels your local host to the server
4. dev env and QA instances secrets key for the JWT are different
5. call the signin mutation to get the correct JWT token for the env
6. `rails c` to open up console for you to query the db

## SQL Stuff

## Storybook stuff

[Reddit Thread on it](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/ihm8t8/intro_to_storybook_2020/)

It seems the majority of developers (netlify, chromatic)
* Visual testing is more meaningful than unit testing for presentational components
* Isolate seperate environment instead of messing props
* Verify different user states/combinations

Storybook has been growing in immense popularity as the leading UI component development tool.[reddit link](https://www.reddit.com/r/reactjs/comments/ecw9uj/state_of_storybook_2019_a_breakout_year_for_a/)

Core-js issue (I think I was having this issue. Need to check again)
[Link to github issue](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/MIGRATION.md#core-js-dependency-errors)
