# Monday, April 12, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Fix up minor bug in ft-adding-payment-history branch
3. Work on adding code to payment history
   1. [ ] Figure out how to sort it and pass it through
   2. [ ] Subtask 1
   3. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Observations

1. Observation 1
2. Observation 2

## Ruby Code

What is the difference between `sort_by` and `order`.

`sort_by` is actually a ruby method from `Enumerable`. It retrieves all records to be loaded from DB into the servers memory. This creates serious performance problems.

`order` is a ActiveRecord methods that adds `ORDER BY` clause in the SQL `SELECT` statments. The DB will handle the sorting. This is preferable in 99% of the cases.

[SO sort_by vs order](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42711769/order-and-sort-by-difference-in-ruby-on-rails-activerecord#:~:text=sort_by%20is%20a%20Ruby%20method,(or%20array%20like%20objects).&text=order%20is%20a%20ActiveRecord%20method,preferable%20in%2099%25%20of%20cases.)

**ANS: Doesn't matter for us since the amount of items or rows you fetch is low**
* It matters only if the amount of rows is in the tens of thousands. Where placing all that into server memory is expensive.

### Centralized Job Servers

* Use a scripts or a chron job to run on it
* Will add a new job that will take resources
  * Fetch transactions, upload to S3, send to analytics engine
  * Fetch from Plaid service to analytics (rate-limiting)

## Fundamental Comparison

[Does Managers have to be Technical](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2006/06/16/my-first-billg-review/)
Tim Cook isn't technical related to software or hardware but he runs it so well. The issues related to Apple isn't fundamentally software but a mix of everything. In the end, Apple is fundamentally a hardware company. Supply chain management is effectively vital as such a large scale.

Book to read: The Five Dysfunctions of a Team

## Questions to Ask Rey

1. When we return the `payment_history` do we return `date` or `date_start`?
   1. **Ans:date**
   2. date_start is not used. Reserved for future use
2. How does a `future payment` get resolved? ex) The date of the `future_payment` is today or has passed?
   1. **Ans:Depends on the date. So if it passed or how much you pay in total.**
   2. forecasted_payment refreshes each day. Refresh it to the cash_order
3. What is `semi_month` mean? 
   1. It seems to be the nth payment of that month

Wait I realized something. The reason that `future_payment` didn't populate is because there was an error.

```Ruby
Date.strptime(future_payment['date'], '%Y-%m-%d').strftime('%m/%d/%Y')
```
was throwing a `StandardError` so it returned an `[]`. Weird doesn't seem to be an issue with the [Date.strptime() method](https://www.rubydoc.info/stdlib/date/Date.strptime)

Debit means taking money from the customer. Credit means we're disbursing the money to customer.