# Wednesday, March 3, 2021

`amount_due_status`: `P` - due past and `T` - due today

Just checked in the `fetch_all_orders`. If the status is `repay` then it should be in `current_orders` not in `past_due_and_collection_orders`

## fetch_all_orders ruby code

Interesting thing to note is that you can check for multiple status in an array instead of passing in one. Isn't that like JS when you use the array methods?

```ruby
@user.cash_orders.where(status: ["paid_off", "recharge"]).count < 1
```

Currently, in `prepare_active_cash_orders` if an order has `status:"repay"` it will be passed into the rest of the logic.

 `past_due_and_collection_orders` or `current_orders` is detemined by the conditional `!order.amount_due.nil? && order.amount_due > 0`. If `true`, it is a past order else it is a current order.

? How is `order.amount_due` being updated in the database. 

? For NoPastDueNotDueToday, will the `amount_due` be equal to `0`?


[Solved] ? Another question is how come in the returned data object for `user: acardona2@csub.edu, id: 30991`, we don't see the fields `past_due` and `pay_scheduled_updated_at`. Even if these fields are empty shouldn't they appear in the order object in `pastDueAndCollectionsOrders` array?

#### I'm an idiot. It doesn't appear because we don't specify it in the graphql mutation :|

#graphql #programming-mistakes #baka

```json
  "pastDueAndCollectionOrders": [
        {
            "id": 30991,
            "loanAmount": 500.0,
            "createdAt": "2020-09-01T00:00:00+00:00",
            "displayStatus": "Current",
            "nextPaymentAmount": 90.48,
            "nextPaymentDueDate": "02/14/2021",
            "amountDue": 90.48,
            "remainingBalance": 1277.58,
            "collection": false,
            "dueToday": true
        }
    ],
```

What matters in checking if an order is past_due or current depends on the column fields `status`, `amount_due_status` and `amount_due`.


This is the issue.

`CurrentCashOrder` component on the frontend is expecting a `NoPastDueDueToday` state. However, in the BE code it states that when `amountDue > 0` it will go into `pastDueAndCollectionOrders[]`. 

Let's say your cash order date reaches today. What will be it's `amount_due`? I'm assuming the `amount_due > 0`. It's weird because `pastDue` will be true when `amount_due > pmt+1` for `amount_due_status='P'` 

As of now, `CurrentCashOrder` component is written to accept `PastDueNotDueToday` state where `status=Current` and `pastDue=true`.

When will there be a state where it will be `Next Payment` and `PastDue`?

However once `amountDue > 0` it will go into `pastDueAndCollectionsOrders[]`.




OverDueCashOrder

## Your Brain On Porn

[Your Brain on Porn](https://www.yourbrainonporn.com/miscellaneous-resources/start-here-evolution-has-not-prepared-your-brain-for-todays-porn/)

1. Your brain has it's own nerve center for sex. Porn hijacks this nerve center. This nerve center also lights up when an drug addiction causes the same nerve center to light up.
2. Substance abuse (cocaine, heroine) cause the same neural structure effect as Pornography, Overeating and Video game addiction
3. There are 4 main neural impacts
   1. **Sensitization** - This means that continued use of the addiction causes your senses or experience (sights, sounds, taste, home alone, anxiety or stress) to cause you to crave the activity more.
   2. **Desensitization** - This means that you get less pleasure or satisfaction (opiod release) when you watch pornography. This also causes you to seek more riskier, anxiety inducing or prohibitive or hardcore pornography to make you feel satisfied. It's very sad.
   3. **Dysfunctional Prefrontal Cortex** - This means that based on your continued addiction activities, you have less impulse control and greater cravings. Essentially, your willpower decreases and the cravings seem stronger or harder to withstand. This is like two parts of your brain is fighting but your sensitized addiction neural pathways are winning.
   4. **Malfunctional Stress system** - This means that a malfunctioning stress systems means that smaller or minor stresses causes cravings or relapses. This also means that when quitting, there are strong withdrawal symptoms such as depression, irritability, headaches, anxiety and mood swings.
4. Also to classify addictions, many scientist use the 4Cs
   1. *Compulsion* to use
   2. *Continued* use despite adverse consequences
   3. Inability to *Control* use
   4. *Craving* - psychological or physical

All in pornography wires your brain in a way by deepening your neural pathways to seek this activity or make it easier to become addicted. Whatever you do causes your neural pathways to deepen. The purpose of neuroplasticity is to become better at drawing, programming, reading or working on math problems or such. Or, it can cause you to better at handling new experience, public speaking or such. However, in this case it's to your detriment as it deepens the effect on your sensitized neural pathways.

Although I don't agree with the evolutionary perspective that all these reward centers are so that we will have harems or mate with everyone or eat everything. I would say that these craving and pleasure neural feedback systems were created by God for good not survival or passing of genes. I need to think more on this.

**Tldr; Pornography is an addiction that severely alters your brain's neural pathways for worse with many negative effects. It is not harmless like what people say**
