# Monday, April 5, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [x] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Make a new BE branch `ft-no-hit-decline`
   1. [ ] Ensure the query fields and mutation fields are the same
   2. [ ] Fix up mutation `updateUserInfoReapply` for one call
3. Add passing props between the no-hit screens
   1. [ ] Pass props from `ReviewInfo` to `ReapplyScreen`
   2. [ ] Pass props from `ReapplyScreen` to `ReviewInfo`
   3. [ ] Adding navigation between the different screens
4. Ensuring all the screens functionally work
   1. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Observations
Recharge notication didn't work for some reason. Route doesnt get anything. What are they talking about?
* Cron job running. Log file is being created
* No request being returned.
* Controller don't have to write `await`. It fires right away.

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
2. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2 

## HTTPS Encryption

Symmetric encryption
defn: Encryption that is reciprocal meaning the same key is used to encrypt and decrypt data.

Asymmetric encryption
defn: An encryption with a public key that can only be unlocked with a private key.
1. HTTPS uses public-private key with the server to pass in packets
   1. So basically the client and server exchange their public key
   2. The client encrypts the data with the server's public key so only the server's private key can decrypt the data
   3. The server encrypts the data sent with the client's public key so only the client's private key can decrypt the data
   4. So what if, a snooper pretends to the server and sends their public key instead of the server's private key?
      1. [Answer](https://sectigostore.com/blog/what-is-asymmetric-encryption-how-does-it-work/#:~:text=Asymmetric%20encryption%20is%20a%20type,cryptography%2C%20and%20asymmetric%20key%20encryption.) Something about a SSL/TLS handshake process
2. SSL
3. Bitcoin
4. PGP

Note:
* Asymmetric encryptions requires time to decrypt data. Usually it's used for the SSL/TLS handshake. Then data exchange would be in symmetric encryption.a