# Week 20 - 2021/05/17 - 05/23

| Mon | Tues | Weds | Thurs | Fri | Sat | Sun |
| --- |
| 

## Daily Breakdowns

### Mon May 17

1. [ ] First Task
2. [ ] Another Task
3. [ ] Third Task

## Tues May 18

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task

## Weds May 19

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task

## Thurs May 20

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task

## Fri May 21

* Working on the welcome insights feed
* Working on the DPD notifications
* I want to talk to Lakshay and Isak about this after the standup

## Sat May 22

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task


## Question

## NotificationContextService

`message_histories` - `not_sent` just means that the notification hasn't been sent through push notifications

What is `loadDeviceNotRegisteredTokens()`? What does this function do?

What is a javascript `symbol`?
- `Symbol` is `built-in` object constructor that returns `symbol` type
- symbol are often used as unique keys for objects to prevent key collisions

What is a `Set`?
- DS that only permits unique values; The same value can only be stored once.


## What is functional programming?

Features of functional programming
* Declarative programming
  * Application state flows through pure functions
* Pure functions
  * Always same inputs -> same outputs
  * No side-effects
  * Referential transparancy
    * Replace fn call with resulting value without changing the meaning of the program
* Function composition - combine 2+ functions to create new fn or computation
* Avoid Shared state
  * Issue comes when have race conditions
* Immutability
* Side-effects
  * Application state change that is observable outside the fn other than return value
    * Modify global variable or in parent scope
    * Logging to console
    * Writing to screen,file, network

[Article on FP](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/master-the-javascript-interview-what-is-functional-programming-7f218c68b3a0)
- I don't really like the author but it doesn't mean this article isn't good

Trie - immutable DS

## How does Objects work

`const obj2 = Object.assign({}, obj1)`


## Welcome Insights Cards

Appears when there are
1. No insights notifications or empty
2. Less that 5 insights notifications
   1. `>= 5` shows `Load More` touchable text
3. (?) Compare `confirmed_at` < 1 week

Issues:
1. How to deal with the notification read status? We don't have a persistent state. (Not in messageHistories table anymore)
2. What icon should we use for the welcome insights card?
   1. `your bank account` <- Bank account icon
   2. `welcome to boro` <- Borocash icon
3. Welcome insights cards navigates different links
   1. Check myfi_status=`show_analysis`
      1. Goto add budget
      2. Otherwise, go to home tab
   2. One of the notifications -> Borocash tab

Solution:
1. Welcome Card shows < 5 notifications (Load More >=5)
2. Randomly picks up new Text each time the component mounts. Most likely when they first click on the insights feed.
3. Manage read status only for that component mounts (if they stay in the app or until they exit and the app closes)

## Speaking in Tongues

1 Cor 14 - Tells that we are to pursue these spiritual gifts in love. That yes speaking in tongues is wonderful but it's only beneficial for the church if there's interpretation. It would be better to have prophecy so that the church may be edified or built up.

Matthew 7:24-27
The wiseman and foolish man builder
- God is the rock
- Faith in him as the foundation can endure temptations, trials and tribulations
- We have faith in him when we hear Jesus' words and do them (set them into practice.)
  - Why doesn't it say 'do them'? Why set them in practice? It's to highlight that we might not necessarily be able to change our complete behavior immediately. There's a process.
  - The huge part is I set my will on it to start and do it. I actively choose to obey Jesus' teaching.

### Why do I believe in Jesus?

I believe because I see the beauty of man (love, kindness, compassion, loyalty, honor, mercy, justice) and also ugliness (evil, hate, selfishness, deceit, hurt, degradation). I see value and dignity in man beyond just animals that we're something special. Something incredible, something unique in our intelligence, creativity, sentience and emotions.
I believe because I see reason for existence for all being. Great design and pattern to all things even amidst chaos and randomness. Something created all things or is the pre-existence of all things. Cause-effect pattern everywhere. There should be one even for existence.
I believe in good and evil. It's not because of shifting morality or animalistic insticts or survival. There is an objective good and evil. Our conscience attests to this. Although sometimes it's not always clear-cut and straightforward as we like.
I believe in justice. There will be justice for all the evils we have committed in this lifetime. And at the same time, great mercy to be forgiven of it all. There is an eternal consequence for all our actions.
I believe in forgiveness. That I cannot forgive myself because I have no power to do so. Who can forgive my debt to myself, to others or my maker but God himself who formed me and gave me life. It is when He forgives me that I can accept it and forgive myself.
I believe in Jesus' teaching. I always thought it was true, honorable and noble. That I admire the person of Jesus, his character and integrity and deep compassion for others. But even more than that, I believe He was God.
I believe in the after-life. That what we do now has meaning and purpose that surpasses my life. That we are not just escaping the inevitable. We are all going to die. All things come to nothingness. Nor my existence is snuffed out or gone forever. What I do matters and has an impact. My existence has meaning and purpose. I have value and worth. Not dependant on others shifting views nor on what I can add to the world nor my wealth or reputation. All of these things are flimsy or ever-changing. I am because of the great I am.
#jesus #faith #why-I-believe

## Article on Principle role

[Article on Principle Role](https://www.galiglobal.com/blog/2021/20210313-The-principal-role.html)

There's plenty of great advice here talking about what's a Principle Engineer role and all that sorts. There's a difference between an engineering manager and a principal engineer.

1. Engineering Manager focuses on people
2. Principal engineer focuses on the system
   1. Both on processes

That's one of the most vital and important things. A principal engineer should enable the engineering team. They are effectively the AOE buff that has a multiplier effect on the entire team. They might not be writing critical features nor designing the system architecture (although they'll add their input). They're here to unblock devs or allow development to progress.

[HackerNews Thread on Principal eng](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27231521)

> “A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.” —-Lao Tzu

#principal-engineer #career #eng-mgmt #management

## Startup Exploitation on Staff

[HN thread on Startups not worth it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27245090)

Not pertaining to this but one comment:
>It's funny how often I got rejected after saying that I am not 24/7 available ... The words they used in the rejections were always something like: "we feel like you are not willing to put enough skin in the game" or "everyone else sees the opportunity here is is willing to work their asses off, why are you different?"

This gave me chills of when I went to Security software company that exploited workers. Legit, when the CTO said "I wasn't a hard worker", I knew it was a bad company. And it's similar to you don't have enough skin in the game/machine. Basically calling our your own interests as being selfish instead of towards the company and for ***their own selfish interest***. 

Screw them.

#startups #exploitation #bad-companies

