# Week 4 - 2021/04/26 - 05/02

| Mon | Tues | Weds | Thurs | Fri | Sat | Sun |
| --- |
| 

## Daily Breakdowns

### Mon Apr 26

1. [ ] First Task
2. [ ] Another Task
3. [ ] Third Task

## Tues Apr 27

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task

## Weds Apr 28

* [ ] Work on changing the `Recharged` status for payment history tab
* [ ] Completing the `welcomeInsightsCard`
* [ ] Push notification for User is approved; Need selections options

## Thurs Apr 29

* [ ] Work on Cash Order scheduled notifications
* [ ] Third Task

## Fri Apr 30

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task

## Sat May 1

* [ ] First Task
* [ ] Another Task
* [ ] Third Task


## Pointers

[Lecture on Pointers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rxvv9krECNw)

`&` means address or reference to the var
`*` means the value at the var

```go
var *y int // y is a pointer to an int
x := 20
y = &x // y is a pointer to the memory address of x
fmt.Println(y) //memory address of x
fmt.Println(*y) // 20; the value of x
fmt.Println(&y) // the memory address of y
```

Anyways we'll figure this out more as we code in `Go`.

## gRPC

[Explanation and comparison of SOAP, REST, Graphql, gRPC](https://www.redhat.com/architect/apis-soap-rest-graphql-grpc#:~:text=gRPC%20is%20a%20data%20exchange,the%20Protocol%20Buffers%20binary%20format.)

REST, GraphQL uses `Http/1.1` which only supports `request and response` interaction over a single connection. `Http/2` supports any number of requests and responses over a single connection. It's bi-directional so you can have both req and res but also streams.

`gRPC` uses `Http/2`. It supports bidirectional streaming.

> gRPC is exact and wicked fast. According to many, it's become a de facto standard for inter-service data exchange on the backend

That's what's important for us. To use it as the inter-service data exchange protocol between all the microservices.

[Articles highlighting same use case as KBap app](https://thenewstack.io/build-real-world-microservices-with-grpc/#:~:text=a%20closer%20look%20at%20the%20microservices%20communication%20styles%20in%20figure%202%20shows%20grpc%20is%20used%20for%20all%20internal%20communication%2C%20while%20the%20external-facing%20communication%20can%20be%20based%20on%20rest%20or%20graphql.)

Basically this is a polyglot architecture. We use `gRPC` as the communication protocal between different microservices. But the front facing client side use `graphQL`.

#graphql #grpc #polyglot-architecture #system-architecture #system-design

## Encryption stuff

[Explanation of Encryption](https://cmdli.github.io/crypto/)

#to-read #cryptography #encryption

## KBap

[Skillshare on Kickstarter Basics](https://www.skillshare.com/classes/Storytelling-Basics-How-Creatives-and-Brands-Can-Build-a-Following-Learn-with-Kickstarter/1437389406/projects?via=watch-history)

1. What is your idea? What is your goal? Why do you want to do this?
2. Who is your audience? How do you reach your audience?

There's a worksheet there. I can think about working on it.

[Art of Branding](https://www.skillshare.com/classes/Strategic-Design-The-Art-and-Science-of-Branding/329177585?via=search-layout-grid)
^ This is the next one I want to go through

[Futur - Interview with Marty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpZfNNYUZEc)
#to-read #to-watch #branding

## Apple App store Arguments

[App store arguments](https://stratechery.com/2021/app-store-arguments/)

## Questions

* Difference between `master` and `dev` on the backend?
  * Do I merge master or dev into my branch `ft-adding-cash-order-id-payment-history`


cashOrder.where(status: 'select_payment_method: ')

## Lean startup
[Learn startup](https://hbr.org/2013/05/why-the-lean-start-up-changes-everything)

## Unexpected case

Discussing with the team, remove the `Button` and `Why is recharge locked?` widget. So I added logic for it.

My tests were breaking on `CashLimitWidget`. I didn't know why. The reason was that I added the logic for the above but never ran the test afterwards. The tests showed that I wasn't rendering the expected button. Unexpected and surprised.

`ExponentPushToken[N6WEWSJXBFkDvYgUjFa-OL]`

maenriquez@uiowa.edu
catumpkin@hawkmail.hfcc.edu
rntrexel@uiowa.edu
james.leonardo@daytonastate.edu

* jeffery.yeung@getboro.com <- QA db Feb decision refreshed

## Friday Questions

1. Whats with the transunion issue? Is this related to all these approved user accounts getting errors?
2. Is there a reason why we didn't use `NotificationResponseReceivedListener`?

`react-navigation` has a linking prop so users can deep link to a specific screen in the app. Pretty cool to know.

`Tues, Weds 1pm` - Testing Intro

## Fridays Articles to Read

[Understanding Interruptions](https://tellspin.app/blog/why-interruptions-are-frustrating-to-developers/)
* I agree with all the points. That having interruptions breaks the flow of development and focus
* It's harder to get back to focusing on a task when you've been interrupted
* However I notice there are immediate and important factors
  1. Blockers - There are some blockers for other people that require your attention
  2. Support - Support team requires some explanation or technical expertise
  3. Discussion - Some important design meeting needed for something

[Spread out Slack Interruptions](https://tellspin.app/blog/reduce-interruptions-tips-for-slack/)

[Non Tech Managers](https://neilonsoftware.com/2020/09/08/non-technical-development-managers-are-like-head-chefs-who-cant-see-taste-or-smell/)
* I agree somewhat.
  * Manufacturing - Physical productivity -> overall productivity
  * Not the same for Cognitive productivity !== overall productivity
    * It's not simply measured such as ex. How many features released in this sprint or sort of time
* > If I sit a customer in front of a bad meal, they can tell. They may not be able to articulate precisely what is wrong with the meal, but they know they won’t be eating at that restaurant again. When the stakeholders of a software product view that product holistically – from **user experience to ease of upgrades to cost of maintenance** – they may not be able to precisely articulate what is wrong with the code, but they know they won’t be utilizing that software development team again.
* Essentially to summarize: For cognitizely dependant industries such as Software, traditional manufacturing metrics do not translate exactly. It's not about `More features === More productivity` or `More features === Better Product`
* It's more holistic since it encompasses `UI/UX`, upgradeability or price, customer support, bugs? etc.

## Notifications

Android notifications doesn't work. Most likely it's because it doesn't have this code set
```javascript
if (Platform.OS === 'android') {
    Notifications.setNotificationChannelAsync('default', {
      name: 'default',
      importance: Notifications.AndroidImportance.MAX,
      vibrationPattern: [0, 250, 250, 250],
      lightColor: '#FF231F7C',
    });
  }
```
Also unsure if there's firebase config set up too.

iphone 8 expoToken: ExponentPushToken[qxrzfLHrHhWaTozdfUpMY9]