# Wednesday, March 24, 2021

Plaid Service

SWS contains 10 job request. Do it in the handler function
* Per API webhook

Better to scale up and use smaller instances.

Use cluster of instances for Plaid
* Plaid doesn't use much CPU utilization
* The reason being that each node waits after pulls 10 jobs.
* The process was waiting on analytics so doesn't consume cpu.
* Each node launches is smaller on each machine.

Streaming not storing
* Streaming not storing or cache. Constantly polling instead.
* Plaid calls twice if you go into screen. Should cache.

* If the same user calls, then the DB caches the user request.

* Want to scale up the analytics engine before scaling up the node services.
* Scale of the analytics engine. 6 CPU (Need 16 CPU) instances?
* Max 6 cpu uses. 6 python flask in 6 nodes. Medium AWS (2 Node per machine) for instances

Long Term:
1. The queue would be good without polling or expecting a result back.
2. Currently the Plaid service would be processing 10 (30%) and drops to (2%) to wait.
3. Scale down to 5.
4. Keep sending request to Analytics engine with smaller message size.
5. Balance between batch size and available node services.

How many concurrent request does Plaid service accept?
* Analytics (flask) is even 1 node has its own async processing multiple request.
* Less likely to be stuck than ruby on rails
* Backend process is still one by one.

Thinking of a different way of doing the plaid services.
* If we pull by one by one but we keep it at a steady rate from the queue, better saturation model for the analytics engine. 
* Also can show how many we are processing on nodejs
* Another problem is the client sdks

For now,
1. Scale up analytics engine
   1. See what the impact of scaling up
2. Regardless needs to scale up Plaid service
3. Node - More nodes than increasing higher batch sizes


## Questions

1. Why does printing the message history `puts notification.inspect` shows `read: true` but in Dbeaver it shows `[v]`?
2. Another thing is there an error thrown

I found out what the error. Why it kept saying it could find `errors` or the key didn't exist in the hashmap. It's because I didn't return an `errors` when there weren't any errors. This means that the key didn't exist in my return hashmap. Ugghhh...

`[v]` is the checkmark for `boolean` ughhhh... actually so stupid. Why could they just show `true` or `false` or `null` -_-

#ruby #rails #ruby-syntax

## To Do
1. Add elipsis 1 line for title
2. Add the date time from MyFiUpdatedAT
3. Enable the touchableOpacity
4. Remove touchableOpacity for linkicon
5. Merge Develop
