# Friday, March 19, 2021

## Stop Being an A- student
[I agree with this](https://betterprogramming.pub/stop-being-an-a-student-at-work-547944ce9b3e)

Well I was more of a B- student but I agree that there's this exponentially increasing amount of effort in order to reach higher standards. I would argue though it's not about handing it in but doing good consistent work. And in order to do that, you need to be able to prioritize or basically *Say No*.

I also think this quote by Steve Jobs is pretty good

> It's only by saying no that you can concentrate on the things that are really important - Steve Jobs

However, sometimes good enough is good enough. Your feature may be complete but it does not have to be perfection. Often times, in life good enough is more than enough. Just don't take shortcuts or submit half-assed work.

### Marketing Your Work

I think I need to start preparing a case study to show my work or promotion. I think I should pitch it to Siyun later this month or next month preferably when I get this testing framework or template done. I don't know if I should add in Storybook too but that's for later I guess.

## Loads of Love

Just having a vehicle to go around washing people's clothes for free is amazing. I also agree that we need to go out beyond the pews. I think it starts with a humble heart in prayer. Let God move in you. Surrender to Him and He will do the work.

[Mobile Laundromat](https://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/apple-engineer-converts-used-van-into-mobile-laundromat-offers-free-loads-to-homeless/46829/)

## Rust Release Cycle

[Article on Rust sustainability](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26511106)
[Reddit Thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/m7seki/the_biggest_threat_to_rusts_sustainability/)

It makes a lot of sense why the release cycle is so short (6 weeks). This means you can delay a release to test it out or check it out instead of having to push it out prematurely. With C++ since the release it every 3 years, you tend to roll over features which isn't fully tested because each release cycle is so long. Rather in Rust's case, you can test it out in nightly builds or iterate on it to make sure it works and such. 

No pressure to ship also allows developer to gather feedback, delay releases and to iteratively refine it. Isn't that what Agile is about? Iteratively work on something towards a larger goals or project. Also large features takes years of time to develop and iterate. These decision choices made are not impulsive decisions but decisions thoughtfully planned and considered.

It seems like referring to another articles (Need to find it) that said Rust's async implementation was pretty bad. A lot of people were agreeing on it until the contributor of the feature spoke out. It seems like the common age-old problem where people boasts in what they don't know or just bs. In fact, adding in internet anonymity, people say whatever they want to get views or produce clickbait. It's very selfish and self-centered view in which the goal is not discussion (towards creation) but just negatively slamming on something (destruction).

Sounds actually like my friends who just crap on anything and on all things. I don't understand why or how is it productive to insult, denigrate or just negatively slam on everything. Don't think that is productive towards creating things of value nor towards fostering relationships or healthy positive outlook.

Another things noted in the comments. When your release cycle is so short, there is less bugs and each release only has a small number of features. That's great because less bugs or less issues that rise up when upgrading or using the next version.

## Spending the extra 2 hours on CURL Dev

[HN Thread](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26505303)

> After working for over a decade in companies and industries that pride themselves on being always-on and constantly working, I can see the difference, and I can attest, it is always, always robbing Peter to pay Paul.

Wow this comment is amazing. Your personal sacrifice is to enrich someone else.

## Pushing BE changes

1. Git add and commit
2. git push
3. Goto db_qa
4. QA4
5. qa
6. boro (boro qa directory)
7. git fetch
8. git checkout
9. bash scripts/pre-deploy.sh
10. exit
11. bash nginx-reload.sh

#BE #rails #push-changes

## Medium Reading articles

backblaze for storing backups or data ($6/month)

### things I saw senior dev

[Things I saw Senior Dev](https://betterprogramming.pub/the-things-that-i-saw-senior-software-engineers-do-6a9f49b9e54f)

1. Always Think about business value your work is providing
2. think about the feasibility of a requested feature

## Cards Against Humanity

Why do you even play it in the workplace?

[Cards Against Humanity](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/07/magazine/letter-of-complaint-cards-against-humanity.html)

[Another Article on Cards Against Humanity](https://www.shutupandsitdown.com/review-cards-against-humanity/)

https://geekfeminism.wikia.org/wiki/Cards_Against_Humanity