# Friday, April 2, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
3. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
2. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2 

## Working on the App

birthday is stored as `MM/DD/YYYY` instead of `YYYY/MM/DD` which the BE parses.

## Questions

1. What is the expected behavior when you press back on the `ReapplySSNscreen` from `CreditDeclineScreen`?
   1. Place the `ReapplySSNScreen` outside the stack
   2. **ANS: ReviewInfo popped out properly so ReapplySSN should do the same. Need to TEST** 

2. Pressing back on `ReviewInfoScreen` should we go back to the `CreditDeclineScreen`. Is it a `pop()` or a `replace()`?
   1. **ANS: ReviewInfo popped out properly so ReapplySSN should do the same.**

3. Where can I find what are the `reason codes`? There is a conditional statement that disables the `Review profile` based on `[C0, C8]` reason codes.
   1. **ANS: Find it in the ruby code `borocash_rejection_reapply.rb`**

4. Troubleshooting the `Cannot convert nil into a string` error
   1. It works on local host but not on the sever
   2. **ANS: Issue with config file**

#BE #reason-codes #no-hit-decline

* Disable back button when submit button is loading
* Remove our selves

## New Sprint

1. style changes for old borocash screen - Replace text
2. Change color background of the 2nd underwriting screen
3. Take screen shot of recharge user's add bank account screen

`UserDeclineScreen` - change background

Handle empty transactions and analysis 

create new branch from develop on "Connected Banks"
* Current: Show loading screen
* Change: Show demo dashboard
  * Add card component for it

## Economist

[Article explaining why The Economist Ideological Position]()

I strongly disagree in having a completely free market. In fact, from history a free market tends to have a monopoly controlling over all the market without government regulation. I think of the triopoly in Telecom in Canada. Pharmaceutical companies in US etc.

The `Current Affairs` is pretty good. [This article on Elon Musk](https://www.currentaffairs.org/2021/04/surely-we-can-do-better-than-elon-musk) reveals who Elon Musk is and the myths behind him. Rational, objective (based on facts) and clear about his actions and behavior.

[Good article on what Starlink actually is](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20200928/09175145397/report-notes-musks-starlink-wont-have-capacity-to-truly-disrupt-us-telecom.shtml)

#TheEconomist #current-affairs
