# Friday, February 5, 2021

## Observations
I think there should be internal documentation. The thing is that there is always changing requirements and new changes being added. Is there some way to make it easy to modify or have a general documentation?

I disagree in having specific instances or documentation for each screen or such. In fact, that would be counter-productive because it requires people to constantly maintain it which adds already a burden on the team. Rather it should be something free-flowing that adds information about stuff to look up (personally) or notes and such (team).

All it can be is maybe a couple bullet points ex)

### No Hit Screen Flow

Figma: [Link To Design]()
Google: [Google Doc Flow]()

### Benefits 
1. Share information/notes or procedures or methods.
   1. Don't have to try to remember everything but have a place where you can just look it up.
   2. Just put in notes when you're figuring stuff out or need to reference it later.
2. Free-flowing
   1. Doesn't matter if information is out of date
   2. Documentation will show who last wrote this part or updated so you know who to ask (But at the same time our team is )
3. Writing documentation helps with though process and clarifying details

### Cons
1. There needs to be a shared sense of commitment to updating the docs
   1. If people stop then it'll just be pushed to dust
2. Is there any point to having the doc? There's only 7 people right now incl. me and Alex. The team seems small enough that starting up the docs is not worth the initial investment.
   
It's only worth it if we can just ask each other.

#docs #internal-docs #pros-cons

## Solved Moment Deprecation

[StackOverflow Link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39969570/deprecation-warning-in-moment-js-not-in-a-recognized-iso-format)

Basically there is no standard across browsers for parsing strings. So if you set a `moment()` to get current time. After you `format()` you set it to a string so that the browser reads the date properly.

#javascript #moment

## Splice, Slice, Split

[Freecodecamp Article](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/lets-clear-up-the-confusion-around-the-slice-splice-split-methods-in-javascript-8ba3266c29ae/)

Splice
: Mutates the original array
```javascript
const statement = 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog';
statement.splice(0, 4); // 'The'
console.log(statement); // 'The'
```

Slice
: Creates a new array from the index specified of old array
```javascript
const statement = 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog';
statement.slice(-4); // ' dog'
console.log(statement); // 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog'
```

Split/Join
: Separates a string with specified separator
```javascript
const statement = 'abcdefghijk';
statement.split(''); // ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd']'
const statement2 = 'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog';
const splitStatement = statement2.split(' '); // ['The', 'quick',...];
splitStatement.join(''); // 'Thequickbrown...'
splitStatement.join(' '); //'The quick brown...'
```

#javascript #arrays #strings #js-tips



