# Sat, April 17, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
2. Organize my tasks in clickup
   1. [ ] Breakdown the tasks I want to do or follow
3. Work on kpics or w.e project I want to do
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

I don't want to work on testing things. I'm not interested in doing work on off hours lol.

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Observations

1. Observation 1
2. Observation 2

## Clickup Organization

What's the difference between the spaces, folders and lists?

1. Space - large project, teams
2. Folders - 
3. List
   1. Tasks
   2. Subtasks

Also a nice feature is adding `tags`. They're pretty good.

Templates are pretty useful
1. Adding templates for spaces, folders and lists
2. Adding templates for checklist
   1. If the tasks have same process

Another interesting things is that in the `task` for `repeat schedule`, you can choose to create `new task` or `change due date`. If you change the `due date`, you can get the same comments.

### Golden Rule 1

1. Your smallest unit of work (tasks/subtasks) should be roughly 1/4hrs chunks of work to complete.
   1. Feel motivating to check couple tasks per day
   2. Rather than 1 big task a day. Demoralizing if only complete 1
   3. Make sure it's not less than 1 hr. Just adding admin overhead
2. Having reminders is important
   1. Work management tool is to ensure nothing falls into the cracks
   2. Captures everything


Labels seem pretty good. You can add multiple `labels` to a task.

### Golden Rule 2

