# Wednesday, February 17, 2021

What the hell? I like you. You're not even my type. You're not even pretty and you say I like you. Like what? 

1. I never even messaged you to ask how you're doing? Or even flirt
2. I never even asked to meet up in person
3. Facetime/video call I enjoy doing it with webcam b/c it's easier to see facial expressions and such
4. I never even gave you Christmas gifts or any gifts or such at all
5. I would be messaging or talking to you even more if I was interested

Why am I so affected?
1. Even rejection where you had no feelings hurts. Reminds me of my job search and getting rejected really sucks
2. I wanted to be closer friends tbh. It's fun to geek out on I*zone with another person. Same as with my sister (not really)
3. I wanted to move away from my friend group and with different friends

Things that I found out
1. Pauline has super bad taste in guys
2. I don't think her faith is really strong. One of her reasons for church hopping is finding other people to date. I don't think she's emotionally mature for that
3. She's pretty introverted like Keith. You have to give them a lot of space.
4. I think she has only bad experiences with guys so she interprets these occurences as interest.

Lastly, screw this I have more important things to deal with.

Same with Andy and Henry. Screw these guys. They say they care about me but they never really had deep talks. I'm 100% it's because I don't feel safe sharing with them because they gossip so much. They're not trustworthy or reliable people. No more. I don't even want to associate with Sandy auntie. She's a *****. She gossips about me in front of all these aunties about my relationship. Am I a display animal? F*** her. For Andy to tell all these things. Fine I was stupid to do it but he's gossipy and super lazy. Nothing I like about him or admire about him. Nothing.

Henry is a selfish and self-centered. I would always do or initiate alot of things and I thought he liked me and such. But we never talk on the side or such. I'm pretty sure he talks or games with Jason. At this point, do I really want to be friends with such a guy. Super toxic to people, unlikable, never apologizes or accepts responsibilities. Blames everyone and everything else but himself. At this point, Jessica has more ambition than Henry or goals in life. Like I'm 100% Jessica is too good for Henry. Another thing is that Henry says he doesn't have patience or blah blah blah when he does something uncaring or inconsiderate. He really doesn't consider about others or even listens or tries to understand other people's opinions. Like wth, no one likes their opinions being dismissed like that.

Screw this group. I don't even like watching anime anymore.

With Keith, I like talking to him but I think he's more of the loner type of guy. He's not really the social or outgoing type of person. The good thing is that I did express my opinion on the matter so that way I reconciled my resentment against him. At I do feel that he really does listen to more.

I think from now on, I really need to consider who or what people I want to associate or be acquainted to. 

## Tier List
Maybe I should rank my friends on this table.

### SSS - God tier

### S - Waifu

### A - Close/Best friends

### B - Enjoy hanging out/spending time

### C - Casual Acquaintances

### D - Aware of their existence

### E - Toxic People


## Soft Skills in Engineering Leadership
[Excellent comments](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26165282)

Ask these 3 simple questions to evaluate leaders:
1. Can I trust you?
2. Do you care about me?
3. Are you committed to excellence? (aka do you have high standards)

Think about someone you admire. Odds are the answer to the above for them is "yes" to all three.

Now think of someone you have had a lot of problems with. Odds are the answers to the above are "no"
N - No/ S - Somewhat / Y - Yes

Siyun - N/S/Y
Raheel - Y/Y/Y
Lakshay - Y/Y/Y (I think Lakshay needs to consider wider ranging perspective. Also delegate more tasks)

[Excellent Article](https://staysaasy.com/product/2020/09/06/soft-skills-for-managers.html)

### 1. Initiative

Effective leaders set the tempo for the team instead of getting-by. They have a reason to make these certain decisions instead of just following orders and such.

ex) Do you set the tone for what needs to be done or you allow someone above you dictate? Are you obeying orders to get by or you setting the team's performance or mindset.

### 2. Emotional Control

Managing teams is stressful. There's a lot of issues, back-and-forth, collaboration, last-minute blockers, inter-intra team conflicts and others. Basically when crap goes down, you are the safety net that has to remain rational and calm to resolve issues or solve problems.

Staying calm under immense stressors or situations.
ex. AWS went down. How do you as a manager handle this situation while the company is losing money?

### 3. Dispassionate Empathy

Observe in a 3rd person POV or objective view about the different incentives, consequences or reasons for certain decisions will bring. Can you understand the effects of these choices that you make.

ex.
1. Someone asked for a raise and you didn't give it to them.
2. A member was in conflict with another member and you needed to help out.
3. Someone on your team was underperforming.

Sociability !== Management Skill
Agreed. Just because they are very likable in social settings doesn't mean they are good at managing people. Empathy may hinder or they might not be calm under pressure.

[Might consider reading](https://randsinrepose.com/books/)

## Lent

Today is the start of Lent (Ash Wednesday). 40 days of prayer and fasting

1. Grow closer to you and to know you intimately
2. Spend time meditating and to know your word with a deeper understanding
3. Job search process and preparation
4. Forgiveness of friends, family
5. Programming related projects/goals

## The CEO of Waze

[Why did I leave Google or why, did I stay so long?](https://paygo.media/p/25171)