# Wednesday, February 3, 2021

## Android Studio

Intel has HAVX that supposedly speeds up the simulation or provides HW acceleration? Not too clear on what it does.

Setup Android Studio and the simulator is slower than iPhone simulators. Makes sense cus it's probably optimized on Mac. I miss the M1 MBA so much :( 

## React-native-web

[react-native-web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) framework allows you to use react-native components on the web or in PWA. Websites such as Twitter, Expo, MLS, Datacamp etc. use this framework. Companies would send a different website depending on screen size or something so that mobile users would get a more native mobile experience.

Pretty cool actually

## Eisenhower Matrix

Read through [article on Todoist](https://todoist.com/productivity-methods/eisenhower-matrix) about Eisenhower Matrix. I didn't know it was Steven Covey who made the matrix up. I thought it was President Eisenhower who created it.

Just start with quantifying tasks into the 4 quadrants.

Continue reading through [How To rebalance your quadrants](https://todoist.com/productivity-methods/eisenhower-matrix#h ow-to-rebalance-your-quadrants) for future reading

1. Focus on what is Q1 for you. This is usually Sprints and such. Putting out fires in Q1 is important so do it. Q3 tasks can be scheduled or delegated to the right person. Usually just schedule it after you finish or work on your prioritized tasks.
2. Even if it's busy, make sure to schedule Q2 tasks
   1. Work Related - Storybook, Ruby/Rails, Apollo/GraphQL
   2. Personal - Coding Qs, kPics, Tutorials or learning 

#productivity #eisenhower