# Thursday, February 25, 2021

## Weekly Review

1. Order - Establish order when you list all priorities or issues or anything on your mind
2. Orientation - Define priorities and align tasks with so called priorities
3. Orchestration - Define actionable steps towards those goals. Ensure you have time and resources to carry them out.

## Braindump

I don't even know. I just feel like I'm constantly running around with no where to go. I'm sick of always watching pornography. I'm sick of not doing anything after my work. I'm sick of just consuming TV shows or movies or animes. I'm just sick of it all.

I haven't been making progress towards everyman sleep schedule nor on lent and all this. I'm feeling restless and tired. Restless because I want to move towards my goals. Tired because all the incidents that have happened.

Week 1~2: Onboarding with Boro. Get used to tech stack and learning
Week 3~4: Working on InsightsNotifications & Repayment screen. I got sick during this time.
Week 5~6: Trying to destress from work. Devs got laid off. Also got sick again.
Week 7~8: Fixing bugs and working on enableNotifications component. Stressor from Pauline and relationship talk.

Basically 2 months have passed but what did I do? I realize that I spend too much time being distracted by news articles, rfd, reddit or social media and messaging. Do I have to be on those apps 24/7? Do they provide any purpose beyond instant gratifications? Do I need to start distancing myself away from these technologies? Do I need to start getting used to not being always stimulated?

Prayer and fasting for lent. Jesus is Lord and king. He will protect me and strengthen me throughout this time. No matter what the devil will try to throw at me, He will deliver me. He is my strength. I will trust in Him alone.

God rebuked me that I was relying or seeking need from other people. Those people I seek need from aren't really the people I value or see are important. Like I really need to set boundaries with my mom. Also, she tries to guilt trip me to play mahjong all the time. No. I'm going to play when I want to play. I hate when people try to pressure me or guilt trip me into doing something. It happens so much because it reminds me of what my mom, Kathy does to me.

Also, I hate how Andy for a time really wanted me to play MHW Iceborne with him. I hate how he wanted me to be a closer friend but at the same time gossiped around my back. Like, wth if you truly valued your friends you wouldn't do that. All in all, I see him as pretty selfish. Don't want to be his friend. Same with Henry. He's super toxic, complainer, gossips about people and he's not trustworthy and reliable. I don't like either of them.

What's with me and being friends with such people? People who are toxic or does not value me.
1. You've been friends so long so you tend to stick with them. I dislike my high school friend group a lot. I don't know why I started hanging out with them again. I think it's because of less activities with other people. And with pandemic I just stayed with the people I've known the longest. (I don't consider them close. I don't feel safe trusting and telling them things.)
2. You don't know. You aren't aware of it. You're drawn these people because of attachment style.

Pauline really pissed me off. I think there was a misunderstandings because of wanting to call each other and watch stuff together for fun. I don't like being rejected even if I don't like you. And what do you have that is admirable or likable. Piss me off. If you didn't want to watch stuff or talk, just tell me next time or just push me off. Not just seem like you enjoy it and then throw me off the bus. I think she has a avoidant attachment style. She's afraid of intimacy. Also I don't like she's mature or ready. I barely acted in a way to be nice to her. She needs to have new guidelines or proper standards for finding a person who actually treats her well. Secondly, she has huge self-esteem and confidence issues. Just the way she says I can't because I'm not smart or stuff or not pretty shows she doesn't have a healthy self-esteem.

Jesus I'm sick of caring for other people. I think it's cause I'm so used to caring for adults (my mom and Dad) or trying to connect with them. But it was so freaking one-sided. I'm not your parent. YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE MINE! I'm relating to other people like how I relate to my parents. To care more about people than they care about me. More specifically, getting used to caring for someone more than myself because that's the way I'm used to. Screw that crap. I'm not doing that again. Not anymore. Jesus only you are worthy of my devotion. ONly you care about me more than I care about you. Only you love me even after seeing all the evil, wicked and detestable thoughts or desires of my heart or actions, you loved me and died for me. There is no one like you. You truly are the bread of life and living water. You truly are the way, truth and life. No one can be saved unless they go to you. In you, there is forgiveness, redemption, restoration and transformation. There is no other worldview that is alike the same. You alone are God. You are sovereign ruler with all authority. All power and authority has been given to you Jesus now and forever.

I want to read the "Adult children of emotionally immature parents" again. There is many things that are valuable to read and to go through again.

God help to discern who is someone I should start a relationship with. I don't think I'm at the point to start one. I know my PMO issue will only hurt her. I don't want to bring that mess in. Lord, I trust in you. In Jesus, through the Holy spirit who gives life, sets me free from the law of sin and death. I am not longer under bondage of sin. Jesus you free me through the power of God in the Holy Spirit given unto me. I am set free by your power. You have already set me free. I am to trust in you and rely on you.

Lord I want to fast for this on Tues to Thursday next week. (Mar 2 - 4). Redemption church is doing a church wide fast but for me I want to fast for healing and recovery from pornography. I am not denying this addiction or glossing over facts. I am believing that Jesus you have already set me free but I don't fully grasp or understand it. And I don't truly believe it. I seek you in prayer and fasting to know and let you transform my heart in this way. Desires or impulses come and fade away. Just like temptation comes and goes. Be mature and sober-minded ready for temptations or spiritual attacks. Resist Him and cast away any evil spirits in the mighty name of Jesus. I trust you will sustain me and prepare me for this fast. In Jesus name I pray amen.

## Object name restructuring

[Link of the post](https://flaviocopes.com/how-to-rename-object-destructuring/)

```javascript
// Status is destructured into exisitng status, refetch -> refetchQuery
const { status: existingStatus, refetch: refetchQuery } = useQuery(...)

function happyTogether({ cast, guest }){...};

happyTogether(cast: data.show.cast, guest: data.show.guest ); // Rename the variables with a new name so you can destructure it in the function
```