# Friday, February 26, 2021

## Udemy: React Native Managing State

Wait where did you get `prevCourseGoals` from?

**Answer: The setCourseGoals function calls inside a callback which returns the new state with the previous state (courseGoals) concatenated with newly added goals.**

```javascript
const [courseGoals, setCourseGoals] = useState([
  {id:1, text:'some text'},
]);

// When you pass in the prop inside setCourseGoals, the prop is the object itself. So prevCourseGoals is actually courseGoals but you rename it with another variable name.
const addNewGoalHandler = newGoal = {
  setCourseGoals((prevCourseGoals) => {
    return prevCourseGoals.concat(newGoals);
  });
};
```

This is the same as referenced [here in another article](https://dmitripavlutin.com/react-usestate-hook-guide/#42-stale-state). A closure is a function that captures variables from outer scope. Now if the closures captures outdated state values, then you might encounter stale state. How you fix this is by passing in a callback function.

This callback function passes in your prev state and updates the state from your prev state. React makes sure the latest state value is supplied as an argument to the update state function.

```javascript
function DelayedCount() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  const handleClickAsync = () = {
    setTimeout(function delay() {
      setCount((count) => count + 1);
      // The incorrect way to call it would be
      setCount(count + 1); // You capture stale state
    }, 3000);
  };
}
```

## Replace GIF with mp4/webm

[replace gifs with videos](https://web.dev/replace-gifs-with-videos/)

In the browser just use this html elements. Since webm is a new format (2010), just include a mp4 video just in case. Smaller size and faster loading times.
```HTML
  <video autoplay loop muted playsinline>
    <source src="my-animation.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="my-animation.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
```


## Full-Stack Software Design & Architecture

[Link To the Article](https://khalilstemmler.com/articles/software-design-architecture/full-stack-software-design/)

This article really cuts it clear and dry everything you need to know about System Architecture and System Design. Khalil structures it very simply and cleanly similar to the OSI model.

OSI model is the concept where a telecommunication is broken down to layers from Physical, Data Link, Network, Transport, Session, Presentation and Application (Low level to High Level).

Here Khalil breaks down system architecture according to these layers:
1. Clean Code
2. Programming Paradigm
3. Object-Oriented Programming
4. Design Principles
5. Design Patterns
6. Architectural Principles
7. Architectural Styles
8. Architectural Patterns
9. Enterprise Patterns

## Developer Principles

[Developer Principles](https://khalilstemmler.com/articles/software-professionalism/developer-principles/)

We need to learn and understand software principles. To truly understand and develop good software you need to understand underlying principles instead of sticking to strict methodologies.

> Principles > Methodologies

Essentially all businesses are software companies. It's so prevalent that any company requires software. Now all that a business cares about is **Making Money & Saving Money.**

Code that is performant, clean and flexible (able to be changed) is **so incredibly valuable to a business.** Businesses have risen and failed because of software. This means the code can be refactored quickly, maintained long term and have people onboarded soon. It also means that features can be rolled out quickly relative to a legacy codebase and that you won't have to fear adding changes or refactoring code.

### Refactoring Code requires Test

> You cannot refactor without a comprehensive suite of tests that you trust with your life.  If you have that suite, refactoring is always easy and free of risk.  A moment of refactoring becomes a trivial thing rather than a huge risk. - Uncle Bob

I 100% agree with it. After working on the frontend React Native codebase (150K+) lines of code and (230k+) on the backend Rails, it's a nightmare.

1. No Documentation
2. No Overall System Architecture or Design
3. No Suite of Tests for refactoring code
4. Main team lead working on the frontend is leaving

Why don't people write test? How come I didn't write any test?
1. We're under a time constraint for every sprint.
2. We don't know how to write test in the first place.

## RN - Practical Guide

[Udemy - How RN Works](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-native-the-practical-guide/learn/lecture/8567780#overview)

`React` is just a javascript library that is used for building UI. `React` itself does not concern itself with the web, rather it is `ReactDOM.render(...)` that does all that rendering HTML elements on the web. `React` is platform agnostic.

React Native is compiled to native code. This is not entirely true but most part it is.
1. Your Views, `<View>...</View>` are compiled to native Views for Android & iOS
2. Your javascript code though, `functions or redux or libraries` run on a separate thread, Javascript Core (Virtual Machine) instead. This is also the reason why RN is faster in iOS because JSCore is built for iOS by Apple.
3. There is also a bridge between the Javascript Core and the Native Platform Modules/API

## React Native Development

[How React Native App Development](https://mobidev.biz/blog/how-react-native-app-development-works#:~:text=React%20Native%20compiles%20the%20JavaScript,developers%20can%20create%20new%20ones.)

Since your RN Views `<View>...</View>` are compiled directly into native views, it's fast to re-rendering the UI.

How does this work? [React Native Internals](https://www.reactnative.guide/3-react-native-internals/3.1-react-native-internals.html)

## Lazy Initialization of State

I never knew that everytime `React` renders, it executes your `useState(initialState)`. If your initial states are primitives, then you're fine.

[use State guide](https://dmitripavlutin.com/react-usestate-hook-guide/)

Whenever you have to perform a expensive computation for your initial state, you can pass in a function into `useState()` That way your expensive function only gets run once in the beginning to get your initial state.

```javascript
function MyComponent({ bigJsonData }) {
  const [value, setValue] = useState(function someExpensiveFunction () {
    const object = JSON.parse(bigData);
    return object.initialValue;
  });
}
```

* useReducer for managing more complex state. useState is for simple state.
* useRef for managing state without triggering a rerender.