# Friday, February 19, 2021

[how to be more productive without forcing yourself](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26191516)

I think this quest for more productivity is futile. No matter what you want to do, it'll never be enough. I think it's similar to how man wants to work towards being good enough. To accomplish or change/improve oneself that one can truly accept themselves or reach their ideal. All of which are impossible and all for naught.

Now having said this, do I truly believe in that? Am I striving to improve my sleep, available time, work, programming abilities, writing books or reading books, acquiring knowledge or even available time to pray all for my own ego?

> Why am I working so hard towards these goals? Why am I striving to be better or do more or develop a greater sphere of influence? Why?

Because I want to. I want to do more things because it's fun. I don't want to live my life of regret or obscurity. I want to have impact on this world for better not worst. I want to live my life with meaning and purpose towards the betterment of this world.

Is this honoring to God? Am I glorifying God in this way? I'm not sure.

I find that
1. Technology has the power to create major change in this world. It is a tool like anything else that has the ability to produce harm or produce good depending on the user.
   1. I like dealing with the new and taking risk in changes. I especially believe that alot of things using technology can be made better or improved upon.
   2. 

## React Functional Components vs Classes Components

[Premature Optimizations](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/usememo-and-usecallback)

Redefining your event handling functions per render in a functional component has barely any performance impact. Unless you're rendering your component as such a speed and volume that it would be a concern. (Majority no it is not.)

Also using `useMemo` and `useCallback` to prevent redefining functions is not worth it. In fact, premature optimizations using those methods may make your code microscopically perform worst.

Don't prematurely optimize when you don't have to.

As well the answer to the [SO post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36097965/when-to-use-es6-class-based-react-components-vs-functional-es6-react-components) provided a very clear answer to using hooks to replace class component lifecycle methods.

In general, hooks provide you the necessary lifecycle methods to fulfill your needs.

**TO READ:**[How Are function components different from classes](https://overreacted.io/how-are-function-components-different-from-classes/)

## Things to Look Out from the start

1. Generate long integer ids (2^33). Otherwise, there might be conflicts and such.
2. Only store valid UTF-8 strings. FB has to sanitize millions of strings out to the browser because there is so much data stored that is unsanitized. Invalid utf-8 strings break the browser in unexpected ways.
3. Never design Black-list based security systems. Basically if you allow everything then it becomes exponentially harder to find dangerous inputs. Easier in the beginning but no matter what you'll have infinite security holes.

[Things Not To Do](https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabflavor/article/things_you_should_do_now/)