# Thurs, April 8, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
3. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
2. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2 

## Monthly Meeting

1. Now with the strategic investor with Arcadia, what is their terms?
2. What is the new persona? All-in-one financial platform for college users.
3. Wait do we have enough time for Borocard? Isn't there going to be a lot of instracture changes to add a borocard? 

4. What does BoroDrive do? Provide car loans on the dealer side? It is possible to make it an online platform that allows clients to reach to the dealers.

IVR - call in with automated phone system through phone
Hubspot - Templates and such on hubspot for Customer Service team
Recharge notifications have increase in recharges right after.

npr detractors - reaching out the lowest review

Ryan very clear and a very good speaker. His tone isn't monotone. No ahhs, anddd uhhhs or ummms. He regulates the tone so it doesn't sound boring.

I want to practice speaking or presenting. I need more practice. I notice that I speak a lot better when I don't rush but speak slowly and clearly. It's better when I ignore people's reaction or not look into people's eyes when I speak. Mainly it's so I can focus on the content of my speech than trying to make a connection

Siyun knows so much. Product team also has a lot to speak about. However, it's too technical. Keep it easy to understand or high level. Clear on the benefits and concept. It's much easier for people to understand concepts than details.

New structure changes
* welfare or amendment to contract and such
* Everything will be the same

Gamification

* Another question is do we need the app to be gamified? Gamification is game-like features or incentives that attract or engage consumers.
* However, it cannot be the central part of the platform. Once the game-like aspects loses its appeal naturally people will leave.
* Gamification should be a part of the app to encourage user to stay on the app for ... purposes. It should highlight main features that are important or make budgeting, looking at cash back rewards, credit insights and such fun.
* Most often, alot of gamification system is plain boring or uninteresting. Badges or fireworks or celebrations need to hold meaning for clients.
* Another thing is do we need to keep user addicted? We are not a social media platform. We do not need to keep users addicted. Gamification should incentive certain reward patterns like checking bills, spending or paying loans on time or such.

[Article on perils of gamification](https://www.infoworld.com/article/2618594/gamification--the-buzzword-that-can-ruin-your-apps-and-business.html?page=2)

I 100% agree with the article. 

Gamification only has value for non-intrinsically motivating tasks (chores, budgeting, finance). Once the allure of gamification disappears, people get bored or tired, people will naturally leave. Gamification should enhance the overall user experience or attract people to the main features.

* I see Boro or the future of the brand to focus on 3 aspects
  1. Consolidate all tools as a centralized financial platform targeted for college students/young professionals
  2. Incentize people 
     1. To track spending
     2. To finance large purchases through BoroCash
     3. To accumulate cashback rewards through BoroCard
     4. To build credit
     5. To gain personal insights of credit/spending/budgeting
     6. To learn about finances
  3. Something to do with Boro membership/boro card
  4. (Optional) Create an online community/share or w.e progress or financing stuff or w.e
     1. It will not replace social media apps. I think you should be able to see leaderboards, share insights on the app (or outside).

Final Goal: To be the all-in-one platform to meet all financial needs of college students

[Gamify websites](https://www.bitcatcha.com/blog/gamify-website-increase-engagement/)
Mint does something similar. It's a money manager that adds gaming elemnts to make managing money easier. However, it's still not that centralized platform.

Also I agree that Starbucks have one of the best and successful gamified reward and loyalty programs. I use it quite frequently and enjoyed collecting points. Also there's different card statuses like (Welcome -> Green -> Gold)

### To read
[gamification criticism](http://radar.oreilly.com/2011/06/gamification-criticism-overjustification-ownership-addiction.html)
[gamify article](https://www.gamify.com/what-is-gamification#:~:text=Gamification%20is%20the%20application%20of,the%20characteristics%20of%20game%20elements.)

#gamification #user-engagement #to-read


## New Ideas

Got a new idea
1. Have a feature that people can estimate how long to pay off an item
   1. Similar to something like the estimate of weekly/monthly payments for loans
   2. Or, integrate with the large purchases with Borocash financing

Automate Collections
Is there a way to automate messaging sms messages to reach out? Or is there a template?

* I know it's important to have personal speaking or reaching out.

## People I want to have 1 on 1

List of people I want to have a chat with
* Elena - Finance
* Jose - Marketing
What's the difference between marketing and boro growth? One is trying to reach more consumers while one is trying to retain/grow the product?
* Hao - CEO
* Yifeng - CTO
* Yuan - Analytics?
* Johnny - Analytics ? I don't know what he does tbh

## Progress with No Hit Decline Screen

1. Running through these accounts work
   1. [x] rey.wu@getboro.com
   2. [x] acardona2@csub.edu
   3. vemurikk@mail.uc.edu
      1. Missing `address_route` and `street_number`
   4. kll006@lvc.edu
      1. Missing `address_route` and `street_number` as well
   5. ankita.testdecline2@sjsu.edu (IGNORE)
      1. Why does it throwing an error when trying to reach `BoroCashStack`?
         1. Reason it is declined
      2. Code for removing `Review credit profile card` works. Just that in manual QA, rejection reason is missing
      3. There's some issue 
   6. 

2. Pressing back on <ReapplySSNScreen> works but not on `ReviewInfoScreen`
**ANS: Got it fixed when I replaced `replace` with `pop`**


So I validated the app by testing the accounts in 2 scenarios
  1. Testing `ReviewInfo` itself for all types of accounts
  2. In real cases of `declined` accounts

They all meet our expected results but I encountered issues when:

****

1. Some accounts are missing `address_route` and `street_number` (vemurikk@mail.uc.edu, kll006@lvc.edu). I get an error when submitting because these info are missing.
   1. What do I do in this case?
      1. **ANS: Only have things edited**
      2. **Rare situation: Lakshay to follow up**
2. After submitting the info on `ReviewInfo`, the function calls `customActions.replace(ROUTE_CONSTANTS.boro_cash_stack);`. But the props of `infoEditCount` and `ssn` is not being refreshed into `CreditDecline` screen.
   1. What should I do?
   2. I can add a Query OR
   3. Refresh the page when I replace the stack
****

Another reason why we need to have tests
1. Even in development you need the right conditions to test the screen
   1. CreditDeclineScreen you need to be able to pass in all these variables in or parts of your code works
   2. It's quite tedious and annoying because you should just test it isolated first with testcases then integration with entire thing
   3. Manually testing is tedious and requires effort in trying to keep track of all these extra details
      1. ex. I set <CreditDeclineScreen> to top of routes (I don't get reasonCodes and such) All this seems extra work.

Noticed another issues:
If we are passing in `infoedit` and `ssn` as a prop, they don't change when we `replace()` the screen after `submitting` on the credit info page.