# Saturday, April 3, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
3. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
2. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2 

## Why software Jewels are rare

[Why Software Jewels are rare](http://www.cse.msu.edu/~cse870/Input/SS2002/MiniProject/Sources/r2057.pdf)

There is a lot of value in this article although it's written 30 years ago. Essentially it boils down to a few points

1. Software development faces many constraints and tradeoffs. Developers want to create software jewels but there's tradeoffs all the time.
   1. Also end users don't care about the code. They just want good enough software.
2. Keep to pre-existing habits. Don't revolutionize the wheel. (ex. YT music moved the media controls to the left instead of middle like spotify or other media players before them)
3. Review past works. There's tons of things you can learn from past projects. Don't reinvent the wheel.
4. Design > programming language. 100% agreed. 1000s of programming languages have been created to fix some sort of problem. It isn't the language issues (although some have huge limitations). It's the programmer or poor design choices.

I agree on the author about the points. These are a very good set of procedure to follow:

1. Design before implementing
2. Document your design
3. Review and analyze the documented design
4. Review implementation for consistency with the design

However, how do we fit that idea in a startup, where rapid iteration and development is expected? Perhaps the purpose of agile is certainly that. It is to review iteratively the design or development of a feature. Unless the design or feature is completely upended then the basic design should remain the same.

Not sure where I read it but it was said:

> A large part of the problem is about differing time horizons, and the fact that low quality is slower on the long term. So it's not ok to just say "we don't need, quality, we need speed", because quality will imply on reduced speed sooner or later.
> On the best places a lot of communication problems come from managers tend to willfully ignore the fact tha low quality is losing proposition at the long term, and developers tend to willfully ignore the fact that short term only gains have value.
> On the worst place, managers don't care and want to artifically prop numbers before jumping ship or defrauding everyone.

