# Friday, April 2, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
3. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions

Ask Rey what does `pmt` relate to?
1. Is it a monthly payment?
   1. `acardona.csub.edu` it shows that the amount_due

Name             |Value        |
-----------------|-------------|
id               |30991        |
user_id          |101729       |
status           |repay        |
amount           |1962.63000000|
pmt              |180.96000000 |
term             |12           |
amount_due       |90.48        |
amount_due_status|T            |
payment_plan     |2            |

Does this mean that this person is a bi-weekly payment?

Is this person then `PastDue` or still `Current`?

1. WHAT? There's status `V` for disbursement? `Payments` table

Name                |Value                |
--------------------|---------------------|
id                  |216594               |
direction           |Credit               |
currency            |USD                  |
amount              |200.00               |
expected_settle_date|2021-02-01           |
status              |V                    |
processor           |SVB                  |
processor_payment_id|7256683              |
processor_memo      |                     |
internal_account_id |2                    |
external_account_id |56116                |
created_at          |2021-01-26 16:38:39  |
updated_at          |2021-01-26 16:53:44  |
effective_date      |2021-01-26           |
cash_order_id       |43503                |
purpose             |borocash_disbursement|
action              |E                    |




## Slack vs Efficiency

[Slack - efficiency](https://fs.blog/2021/05/slack/)

> Amos Tversky said the secret to doing good research is to always be a little underemployed; you waste years by not being able to waste hours. Those wasted hours are necessary to figure out if you’re headed in the right direction.

I always thought it's better to be 100% always working or efficient. However, it's actually the opposite. When you have so much to do, you don't have this slack(breathing room/no task scheduled) where you can handle new tasks that appear or just time to relax or do other things.

In fact, 100% efficiency is a myth and it's better to be less efficient(less time "working") and more effective. If you always have tasks, you'll always have something to do. However, when you incorporate slack you can
1. Take a break,
2. Work on urgent tasks that come up
3. Work on something that you've been delaying

All in all, having a break or "slack" means you can be more effective and overall productive.

**Production** - The combination of efficiency (how much of your time you're working), effectiveness (how much work is done in that time), significance (how much of that work is important), flexibility (how you are able to handle fluxes in circumstances)

There is a huge myth on "Productivity" or this "productivity" cult. You have to do this or that to be more productive. You have to be this or do that just for the sake of being "more productive". It's like the pursuit of ever-increasing productivity is the goal not the process towards a goal.

In some way, productivity is a means for man to worship themselves or to distance themselves from the reality that they're fallible. There is an inherrent flaw in all of us where hard work, perseverance or reflection can ever change. That flaw is our sinfulness or missing the mark. This includes our mortality, all types of failures or just general self-loathing or harmful habits etc.

Anyways I digress from the topic. 

#### Tldr; Im gonna take breaks and not work past a certain time.

Somedays if I feel exhausted or burnt out then I can take a break. Not when I "don't feel like working". I think I was pretty burnt out last week. I should've just set a deadline for when work stops.

It's true though that having slack or extra time really makes someone productive. In very concrete measurements, I basically finished all of the bugs/issues that arose in the asana task.