# 2021-Jan Monthly Work

## Tasks
1. Onboarding with Boro (First Week)
2. Learning GraphQL (Still need to finish)
3. Completed majority of mock `YearEndScreen` (2nd Week)
4. Completed `Insight Notification Screen` with Alex (Week 2 - 2.5)
5. Completed `RepaymentScreen` with `OrderDetails` including `Payment History` in 1.5 weeks. So much work in so little time (Week 2.5 - 4)

## Observations
1. There is no documentation on the project structure or code.
   1. Difficult in navigating project and trying to learn what's happening
   2. Hard to figure out what's happening without asking someone else
2. Testing UI components requires modifying Backend or simulating props
   1. Shouldn't require modifying props for only testing UI components
3. RepaymentScreen was so much work to test or implement that I was dying

## Reflections
1. There should be documentation for the project structure or such. Makes life so much easier
2. Creating UI components shouldn't require modifying backend to test
3. Need to ask help next time when I'm struggling under the workload
   1. I should ask Raheel or whoever to give me a walkthrough of the code to understand what's happening
   2. Ask help more frequently than only once during weekly standups
   3. Ask for help to split work if struggling to keep up

## Next Month Goals
* [ ] Research about documentation methods that is either self-documenting or low-maintenance
* [ ] Research more on `Storybook` to make developing UI components easier
* [ ] Do the following when tasked with new feature/screen
   1. Understand the scope, features or intended purpose
   2. Ask for the estimated timeline and determine if doable
   3. Ask for walkthrough of screen or code to get overall high level understanding
   4. Determine the tasks in place to complete the feature/screen
   5. Develop mindmaps for understanding how functions/components link together
* [ ] Learn apollo/graphql for frontend
* [ ] Learn rails/ruby for backend

# 2021-Jan Monthly Personal

## Tasks
1. Getting adapted to Polyphasic sleep schedule (Everyman 3 extended)
2. Learning stuff on the side?
3. Recovering from being sick and sleeping monophasically

## Observations
1. I didn't spend as much time in prayer with God. Especially when I'm not doing polyphasic, I don't set aside time in the morning.
   1. During lunch, I'm so tired that I don't really want to
2. After a long day of coding, I don't really want to code any more
3. Sleeping polyphasic feels better than monophasic
   1. More energy throughout the day
   2. Deeper sleep and restful sleep
   3. More time for other activities

## Reflections
1. When getting sick or close to being sick, I should sleep monophasic or biphasic at least to recover. When sick, the body needs more SWS to recover.
2. Don't run outside in the cold. Each time I do that I get sick :|
3. Try a new work schedule (45mins off/15mins on)
   1. I work for 45 mins with Slack off and 15 mins with Slack on/Break
   2. Take a walk every day
4. Be more mindful of praying during the day. Set a time in the morning to pray and pray during breaks and stuff.
5. Set consistent exercise times?
6. To seek God during temptations in prayer and in exercise to release stress or such.
7. Be more mindful of what I do off-hours. Once I'm done work. For this month, I'm getting used to Everyman 3 so it doesn't matter as much.

## Next Month Goals
* [ ] Fully adapt to Everyman 3 extended
* [ ] Finish Ch 2.Bibliology research and notes

There's two things I do want to spend time working on
1. Pivot kPics from Twitter Kpop app to an app that changes your wallpaper based on local folder, online storage or twitter photos or such
2. Work on one of the projects from [[build-your-own]]
3. Or, try out some of these courses [[cs1000]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[build-your-own]: ../programming/general/build-your-own.md "Build Your Own"
[cs1000]: ../programming/general/cs1000.md "CS1000"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"