# Friday, April 9, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [x] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [x] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Submitting the PRs
   1. [x] fix-bank-changes 
   2. [x] feature/update-testing-library
      1. Readded libraries as dev dependancies
      2. Added Detox library as well
3. Work on adding future payments from `payment_history.rb`
   1. [ ] Fetch the `forecasted_payments` from the db directly instead of through an http request
   2. [ ] Figure out how to 

## Questions?

1. Question 1
2. Question 2

## Observations

1. Observation 1
2. Observation 2


## Ruby Code

What is the difference between `sort_by` and `order`.

`sort_by` is actually a ruby method from `Enumerable`. It retrieves all records to be loaded from DB into the servers memory. This creates serious performance problems.

`order` is a ActiveRecord methods that adds `ORDER BY` clause in the SQL `SELECT` statments. The DB will handle the sorting. This is preferable in 99% of the cases.

[SO sort_by vs order](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42711769/order-and-sort-by-difference-in-ruby-on-rails-activerecord#:~:text=sort_by%20is%20a%20Ruby%20method,(or%20array%20like%20objects).&text=order%20is%20a%20ActiveRecord%20method,preferable%20in%2099%25%20of%20cases.)

## God is faithful

> The Lord is *compassionate* and *gracious*, *slow to anger*, overflowing with *loyal love* and *faithfulness*.
> Exodus 34:6

I fasted for 3 days to be set free from pornography and God delivered. I haven't ever stopped watching pornography for longer than 2 weeks. I know since I last fasted I have put God on the backburner. It has been roughly at least ~35 days since I last watched pornography. I pursued entertainment, social media or tasks but not God himself. He sustained me and kept me through this time, reminding me to pray in His name to rebuke any demonic influence or lust that arise.

Pornography & lust has demonic influence on us. The devil himself wants us to be trapped in this cycle as it leads us open to demonic or spiritual influences. That's why when the thought comes or desire, we need to pray out loud and rebuke it in Jesus name.

Today I watched it again. I felt ashamed at what I done. I loathed and hated myself. It was both guilt and shame. Guilt at what I have done to these woman and shame as what I brought onto myself. However, God is faithful. He reminded me it was not I but Christ that makes me righteous by the law. He reminded me that it was not I but the Father who is faithful and compassionate and reaches out to extend His grace towards us. He reminded me that it was not I but the Holy Spirit who comes to transforms us and change us to be like His Son. God reminds me that it is not I but God alone that saves. He is everything and does everything.

I'm going to pray and fast again for this. I know I have been set free but I need God's help in transforming me and making His word my reality. I no longer want to degrade these woman and reduce their dignity and value anymore. They're image-bearers and worth the blood of Christ because God loves them. He considers them worthy to redeem just like you and me. The Father wants us to choose. He cannot force us to change but only when we align our will with his. It is not about willpower but will. He will provide the power. All we need to say is "God help me to believe(change). I am willing."

So if you are struggling with breaking this addiction, consider taking time to pray and fast. God will answer your deep desire and release his supernatural power to free you. You are already free in Christ. We needs God's help in believing.

God bless you! I hope this may encourage and lead brothers and sisters in Christ to a better relationship with the Lord. Amen.

#freedom-in-Christ #pornography #god-is-faithful #grace

## Nice Websites

[masters.com](https://www.masters.com/en_US/players/player_22405.html?promo=minilb)

This is a website that makes golf look interesting. This is well designed. Looks really clean and nice. Wow. There's a lot to learn from this.

I really like the video of the hit on the left and the 3D view of the golfball trajectory and the course on the right side. Really nice.

#nice-websites #web-dev #to-learn

## God's reign

God's reign is both democratic (we choose to worship him) and autocratic (He is alone is God and sovereign).

## You Don't need a GUI

[Repo with cool commands](https://github.com/you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need-GUI#show-a-calendar)

* `cal` shows a really cool calendar
* `du -sh ${folder_name}` shows you how folder size
* `bc` to open a cli calculator

#bash #bash-cmds #shortcuts

## Anti china propaganda

[Daniel Dumbrill's take on Antichina progaganda and Anti-Asian racism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=146QKmclArQ)

Wait one thing that he said was quite interesting was that in 1980s there was anti-japanese sentiment rising up in the US. This was also at the time when the Japanese economy was rising.

Anti-Japanese movement && Japanese Economy Boom correlation seems to be quite suspicious. This is quite similar to how right now US is focused on spreading progaganda about China since China's economy is booming.

[Vox video on propaganda](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nknYtlOvaQ0)
Wow the 4 aspects of `Firehose of Falsehoods`. Sounds like Chinese Uyghuir issues
1. High volume
2. Repetitive
3. No commitment to objective reality
4. No commitment to consistency

> "The point of modern propaganda isn't only to misinform or push an agenda. It is to exhaust your critical thinking, to annihilate truth." - Garry Kasparov

