# Thursday, March 25, 2021

# Rant

Spring has arrived but it's winter in my heart. It seems like the winter last forever with no signs of it ending. The pandemic has been so prolonged and lasting so long, it seems no end. I wonder if it'll get better. I know it will once people get vaccinated but it seems so long so far out in the future. At the same time, each day passes in a sec and a week a minute. Life is truly like a wisp, it is short and fades away.

What is my biggest fear? Not doing enough. Not pursuing what I think matters. Living with regrets? More like not having enough impact. Or adding contributions to the world.

I don't even know what to write at this moment. I'm just so sad that Izone is disbanding. Just watching their Oneiric Diary comeback show makes me cry. How they said they want to be with each other forever or how they really feel like Izone is another family to them. It's just so heartbreaking how things ended this way. I think I accepted what's going to happen. I don't think the chances of them extending their contract with CJ is high and the chances of them regrouping another name is even lower. I just wonder how it's going to play out. What will happen to the individual members? Will they go into different groups, go solo or go into different endeavors. I wonder how they're dealing with the news and how they're handling their last days together. Just seeing how despondent and heartbroken the girls were at saying their last goodbyes leaving so much regret and wishes just crushes me. They couldn't even say goodbye to the fans that supported them all through out this 2.5 years in person. But we had to watch through the screen their soul-crushing farewells.

I had already faced so many losses the past year. Hurts and disappointments all through 2020 & 2021. I had to face hiring freezes, deadening job applications admist lack of in person job fairs or interviews. Increase of competition and lack of opportunities. I had to face all through this without the support of family or friends. I really felt all alone. God was the only one who supported me throughout it. Reminding me to trust in Him and allowing HIm to strengthen me. He reminded me He's always there, never forsakes, always forgives and always loves. Always forgives means that Christ propiation for our sins is completely enough. All we need to do is believe. God's grace is sufficient for me no matter where I go or what I go through. Not permission to sin but permission to be forgiven.

I lost friends. Although I was playing basketball all the time and watching anime, I felt so alone. I felt ashamed to bring up my job application struggles. I always felt judged or not safe to bring it up. Never really comforted never just assured. No one to say 'Hey it'll be okay. Let me treat you to a meal or something like that'. Slowly coming to know Izone and follow them or watch their videos made me slowly fall in love with them. They seemed so intimate with each other, genuinely care for each other and support each other. There's probably alot of struggles, conflict and disagreements in the background but it must be reconciled or resolved judging from their interactions with each other. All the hours and sleepless nights they endured to practice or be better. All of it together. I lost another friend that I thought I could grow close to. But it seemed I was the only one who was having fun. I thought finally someone who can share in the same interest as me and stan this group. A friend for the friends that I lost. Doesn't work that way and I find that the feelings weren't reciprocal. Pretty disappointed.

I saw my first layoff and experienced it firsthand. The shock and hurt from the experience. And I felt like why me? Why am I still here. The guilt and sadness of layoff survivor syndrome? or w.e it's called. It's real and it permeates. All the same feelings of grief.

Made me realize how selfish and emotionally immature my parents are. One who just thinks about herself, tries to push boundaries but never share anything about herself. She uses what we share to judge us, to condemn us. She places expectations on us so we feel like we're never good enough no matter what we do. It's like she uses us so that she can feel like she's a good parent. Self-centered and insecure. I remember all the times she cast her disdain on me. I remember all the times she berated my father and insulted him in front of me. I remember all the times when we go out but we felt like we're walking on egg shells because of her emotional outbursts. She never accepts responsibilities, never says she's wrong and never tries to change. I realize now that no matter how much I try to reach or connect, she's not emotionally mature enough to reciprocate. I also know that no matter what I do she will not change. I can't make her change. A person can only change if they themselves want to change. No one can force or coerce them to.

My dad. He's like the passifist that everyone says oh he's really nice or he's just like that. But why does he get an excuse. All the times we were berated by my mom. All the times when I felt lost or had no father figure. Where were you? I felt lost, misguided, no one to talk to, no one to discipline me, no one to teach me. Where were you? Everyone says that's how he is but I don't think he should get a free pass. Also I hate it. I hate that he talks about things that so surface level. Things that really don't matter at all. I really hate talking about these things don't matter or inconsequential matters. Yet, at the same time I know how much time and hard work my father does to provide for the family. I'm also mad at the responsibilities that I have to do for the family during covid. Why was I cooking all the time? Why was I washing the dishes or cleaning up when my mom and sister did nothing. It actually drove me insane and I felt so frustrated. It's not my duty to do something like this. Why should I even do these chores when it's not my responsibility. I look at my mom and she does nothing each and every day and it drives me insane. Like no goal or ambition no hobbies or w.e Just playing her stupid ebooks again and again and again. The thing is I know God you have been working on her heart so much but she's so stubborn. She never admit faults never changes her ways and does w.e she wants. Yet 100% just looking at both of them I don't want to be like them at all. I thought my parents knew or understood what to do but actually no they don't. Just looking at their lives tells me everything. I don't want to be them. I don't want to marry people like my parents. I want to find another person who is secure and confident who is emotionally mature. I want to find another person who is a life partner not someone who is stubborn or closed to change. Someone who I can be honest, share and be understood. Someone who cares about me and I care about them. That it doesn't feel like an one-way street in regards to a relationship. Someone who isn't so clingy and needy like Kathy was. Although is confident to enjoy intimacy and intimate physical acts such as hugging, slight kissing or endearment. Someone with goals instead of just being w.e and wants to do something with the life God has given them. Someone's who's diligent and is capable of emotionally sympathesizing with others.

I'm tired. Be wise in making close friends and discern whether it would be good. I think that's why its so important to pray and discern who to marry or date. For me especially, I give it all to God to decide who my spouse is. I know He will provide the perfect person not my ideal but the one God knows is best. He is my Lord and God over my life. The Sovereign Lord is my strength. He commands my destiny. And reading all the comments and experiences of people who have wonderful marriages now, or finding the right person, it was when they were at the point where they were content in God alone. They were content with being God and didn't "need" another person. To be content whether single or married. I know this but it seems far off to me. I don't want to get to this point faster because I want to meet this person faster but rather it's the right thing to do. It is righteousness or as scripture says 'Seek the Kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added to you'.

God I notice that I haven't having that much interest in reading your word. I've been feeling so lethargic, overwhelmed or just plain sad and discouraged in reading your word. I think I shouldn't rely on feelings but instead start setting aside time to read it. Asking for you to help me read or stay focus. For it is not my human wisdom, but by the spirit of God that reveals all understanding and teaching us everything Jesus taught us to observe. Jesus I want to do more. I know things require time. Learning this or that or doing this or that requires time and committment. You can't do everything at once or all in one week, month or year. You should focus on things one at a time. I'm just sick of just binging or watching shows all the time. Just wasting my time on things that don't matter or things that aren't really meaningful. That's not to say watching the occasional YT video or watching my fav youtubers or idols aren't fun or good but it's like too much. I also miss reading books. I started reading the Sanderson Words of Radiance series and it's so good. I binged it in 2 days and I loved it. I felt so rested after just reading it all. I miss the feeling of being absorbed in a good book. Sort of like the flow when writing or coding. Time just flies by but you're so focused on the tasks that it's like effortless. you don't worry about this or that. You aren't distracted by this or that. It's just you and whatever you're doing at this moment.
Jesus what do you want me to do. I think from what I'm discerning, it's to learn how to rest in you. To shut everything off and come to rest and delight in you. That's the same reason you went off alone somewhere to pray and seek the father. We need to rest in you and just be with you without distractions and quiet place.
Talking to Rey really reassured me that the dev teams not just going to quit and leave. I think it reassures me that I'm not going to be abandoned and be forced to quite as well or to job search again. The process was so gruelling and tough that I really don't want to go through it again. I just want to learn and relax just for a moment. Or to become a better coder. I want to be better at programming, learn all these things and solidify my understanding. I know it might be better to commit a tiny portion of my time to leetcoding. But as of this moment don't want to.
I know exactly what Alec is trying to imply or say. You can do better you can do this or that. Or my friends in FAANG. Do more leetcode. Just do it and blah blah blah. All these comparisons and I'm just so sick of it. It's not like I don't compare myself to others now you're judging me. I trust you Lord. All of my past coops have been provided by you. I trust you in this one as well no matter what happens. There's a lot of thinking on my part on how to go about this position. I want to really think upon my role and how to contribute towards the team. I want to write good code and good test that improves development speed, feature releases and reducing developer pains. All of which is to earn more money, reduce costs. No point in all of this if it's doesn't have a practical business benefit. Also it's been 3 months. 3 months where half of it you were dealing with the loss of a team lead, half of the team and increased job responsiblities. You had to face a layoff and had to understand or try to understand the codebase despite the difficulties of not being there in person. You had to debug or fix all of these issues with AllBoroCashOrders despite the fact all of it was completely new to me and trying to understand it with limited help or knowledge was trying. You also were trying to research how to do testing and such. All of which I'm going to start figuring out how to add test for the insights feed. I need to write tests for those. I'm aiming to do that by the end of next week. Finalizing research on writing test for react components. I also have to figure out how to use Flipper, RN debugger. It seems to be really helpful in debugging, finding network request and all loads of feature that makes development or debugging easier and a breeze. I also plan to make Detox E2E testing scripts for the app as a way to test out automation testing for mobile apps. It should speed up QA processes and make adding features or refactoring code easier. It'll be a process in which things are constantly learned or mistakes occurred but it'll be in the right direction. I'm not content in being just a bystander. I want to contribute and I want to take ownership for my work. I was always against working OT and such but now it doesn't seem the case for me. Perhaps I can do some extra OT on the side but mainly I can use those times to learn new languages, frameworks, test out components or do other stuff to improve my skills. I think I need to set hard time deadline so that when I reach this hour, I stop working. That should be the norm and unless certain special cases, I follow my off-time seriously. Thats why the everyman 2 schedule was to bring this structure to my time and working hours. I wouldn't feel bad that I was watching YT videos or playing TFT after hours.
It feels really good to just offload all of this here. It's like all of my excess thought is just poured out completely here. Drained of everything here. Maybe after a couple days I can reread it and parse throught to find what's important. For now, I'm done and I'm gonna go to sleep. Good night Father. I love you. Thank you for loving me!

Okay I lied I'm not done yet. I also want to write about what Rey said.
1. Company deals with medium sized loans which China is very successful.
2. Siyun is very smart and I believe so in terms on data science and ML side. Not very acquainted with application part.
3. Rey deals with the infrastructure part. Also deals with payment scheduling, processing and plaid service stuff.
4. he doesn't plan to leave anytime soon. Maybe stay for 1 year and see.
5. Also says that it's better to stay at a growing company than large enterprise.
6. FAANG is very competitive. They have abundant choices in applicants. Also luck of the draw in terms of which team you're placed in or in promotions.
7. He's fun to talk to. I would like to have these chats more often.

I would like to clarify and talk to Siyun more about my role and responsiblities. Also see his plan for me and what he expects and such. All this and jazz. Anyways Good night Father. Thanks for listening and caring for me always. Love you >:P