# Wednesday, April 14, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. Fix issues on insights feed tab
   1. [ ] Modify assets to have an arrow function that passes in navigation
      1. [ ] Fix the navigation link to check if there's a link or not. Else return null.
   2. [ ] Set fallback notification card as notification icon with touchable opacity disabled
      1. [ ] BE if no category will send a null
      2. [ ] FE add logic to check if category null. Disable touchable opacity in card. Disable navigation.
   3. [ ] Add new no new notification screen
      1. [ ] Design it as component replacing flatlist.
      2. [ ] Add logic to check if empty insightsFeed, replace with component.
3. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions

1. Do I have to use `Actions.jump`? What if I just used `Actions.push`?
   1. I notice that Actions.push does push the screen but when you click on the tab again, it changes the screen again. It's better to jump then push the screen when on different tabs.
2. To enable 

## Observations

1. Observation 1
2. Observation 2


1. Do I have to use `Actions.jump`? What if I just used `Actions.push`?

transactions -> push(ROUTE_CONSTANTS.myfi_analysis)
 * Push because myboro is on the same stack since used to be old insights
recharge -> jump(route_constants.cash_stack)
* Jump because it's on a different tab

1. spending_ 

myboro -> 
recharge, payment_notifcation -> jump

notification icon as fallback icon <- disable route

deeplinking <- tracking purposes or navigation outside the app. The devs create a deep link to specify where to go when the user clicks on the link outside the app.

## Weekly Product Meeting

`payment_method`

plaid account checks method in model considering open status

^
We need design button for deleting accounts

view > admin > customers

Upcoming Payment Reminder Notification
* Forecasted payment tables
* Send out a notification in upcoming payments
* Upcoming Payment Reminder Notification
  * boro-2/Payment service

Yifeng wants it to be directed to the cashorder
* Support go into that specific cash order
* Tracking events
* Message Notification rotation

Age validation
* Add age cap 100 in onboarding DOB screen
* Add age cap 100 in no-hit-decline screen


Pull myfinance status <- if not eligible for myboro screens
check if it's myconnected

## Meeting Notes - BoroCard

Date: Wed Apr 14, 2021 4-5pm CST

Topic:
* Structure for bank analysis system
* Structure queues for analyzing events
  * Realtime webhook
    * New Transactions 4x/day
    * Display to user
  * Daily/Background Job
    * Act as a backup service for webhook
      * If webhook failure
      * Or, user didnt get update

SQS 12c/day - Maintenance cost if alot of queues

1. Standardize name (BAS) to build better system
   1. SQS is very cheap
2. Lambda function
   1. WEbHookreceiver for plaid (good use of lambda)
   2. Don't have to wait to receive hooks
3. Setup Frameworks 
4. Notification and Insights Infrastructure
   1. Overhead on pending Bank Account service
   2. Node concurrency is not a problem
   3. Want to optimize to handle future events better
5. Design A
   1. Not that good for usecase
   2. Requires scheduler to be a long handling job
   3. ex) Risk queue is less than 100
6. Design B

No easy way of priorization on python for two queues compared to node.

What is long polling?
Worker and web server?
What is the worker?