# Wednesday, February 10, 2021

Letter of Goodbye

Why? Why did it have to end in this way? Why did you have to do the things you do? Why?

That question just kept popping through my head as I watched 4 of my coworkers get terminated immediately. No warning, no warning sirens. Nothing. One day we were working together and the next morning they were suddenly fired.

No acknowledgement of their contributions to the company. No farewell meetings. Not even a week or 2 where they can handover work or such. Nothing .

I was just shocked. Just yesterday which was Monday morning, one of the devs was resigning and it was his last day. He was already planning to stay until the end of Friday but for some reason management decides it's his last day. Each of us were super shocked because we had no idea. No changeover and no farewell meeting. Nothing.

Then the next morning(Tuesday), as I going through our task boards when I realized certain devs were missing or some of their slack status were guest. I thought it was pretty weird but asking them about it, they said they were fired... What... Just terminated like that. I was just floored. No warning signs or ringing bells. Nothing.

We had a company wide monthly meeting and there was no company statements about restructuring or budget cuts. In fact, it was announced that the company secured $3 million in funding. That was like a slap in the face. Like you just got funding and you couldn't keep the engineers for a month or 2 to changeover. It's not like they can just disappear and that we can resume work as normal... Each of them have express knowledge of their work and scope. You can't just replace them and expect that the other devs will be fine.

 The funny thing is that they only laid off from the dev team. Why only us? What about other teams? If it was a traditional company, then sure you can fire the devs. But for a startup focused on **MOBILE APPS** why do you fire the devs. You need devs to make your app.

 But to make matters even worse, after announcing you laid off half the dev team, you then announce promotions. The promotions may be well-deserved for some people but why when you layoff some people. Like what? I just don't understand. You could've used the bonuses or promotions to keep those people.

 This is one of the most degrading and devaluing acts towards your own employee. If they were a bad employee, fine. You are justified to firing them but for employees that made significant contributions? To fire them without warning. No change over time. Nothing. Not even a farewell meeting at least so we can thank them for their hard work. We couldn't even say goodbye to them.

 It was so degrading to see them treated in such ways. How can you treat another person like this? Especially if it was an employee who contributed so much work... You need to do understand, plan, design and testing. Troubleshooting and validation. It's not like you just write code as easy as you poo. Just do it. It's not a magical spell that you cast and you get a **BUG FREE, CLEAN AND MAINTAINABLE CODEBASE, WITH GAZILLIONS OF FEATURES** Sounds like those get rich schemes when you expect miracles. Software development requires time, commitment, understanding and knowledge. All of which requires work experience, intimate knowledge of the codebase or structure and deep persistence to fix annoying bugs or deal with unrealistic and grandious plans.
 
 Here I am, one of the last 2 devs working on the software development team. Our team lead was resigning so it was me, a 6 week intern, and this senior backend engineer. There was two other engineers but they were mainly cloud infrastructure and operations. I was probably kept because I was cheap (intern salary) and hopefully likable or seemingly competent enough. (I would argue it was my charm and my good looks but that's more subjective.)

 It made me even feel worst because I was the one left instead of them
 [Layoff Survivor Syndrome](https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-to-cope-when-coworkers-lose-their-jobs-1918595)

When I start my own company, I won't let it ever happen. I rather follow other cost-saving features such as:
[Alternatives to Layoffs](https://workplacepsychology.net/2018/12/03/layoffs-usually-dont-work-and-why-they-harm-more-than-help/)

1. Cut Temporary employees
2. Eliminate OT
3. Offer Voluntary retirement
4. Freeze salaries
5. Cut salaries
6. Delay raises
7. Freeze hiring
8. Reduce work hours
9. Use temporary layoffs
10. Cancel business trips or such
11. Postpone or eliminate bonuses

Never again.

# [Update] Friday February 12, 2021

I feel much better after having the hotpot and celebrating CNY with Kedar and Cannis. Having other people really changes the dynamics of celebration or dinners.

I had a talk to Siyun during a 1 on 1 and I asked him all these questions. He said it was standard practice to fire an employee in this way. Take them to a special room and give them the news. You confiscate all their belongings and erase all the IT related info and such. He told me there was budget cuts probably due to the $3 million injection by Arcardia.

He told me about equity, debt funding and all these things about Series A, B funding until an IPO. It's like the VC money just taints the company and management decisions. It's just so sad.

It's one thing to fire an underperforming employee but it's another to fire multiple employees who deserves to be there. Laying employees that aren't necessarily bad employees. It just makes you question why try so hard for the company if they treat you in such a way. I think no matter what management has a lot of effect on politics, company culture and such.

I personally believe Siyun did not want to fire the employees and he was notified on Thursday about it. I was kept on because of salary (intern wages) and Raheel said 'I was a key player'. I sympathize and understand the dilemma but I don't agree in the methods. I would use other ways and even to cutting my salary or doing a vote to do pay-cuts or layoffs. (Perhaps it's better not to do a vote for this.) I think it's more important to be transparent and relatable. Don't dismiss the situation nor make excuses or excessively apologize. State the predicament and say this: 

> We as a company is under dire financial difficulties and we need to cut costs in order to weather this time period. I have experienced my fellow coworkers being laid off and it was the most heart breaking and devaluing experience I have faced. These employees who made significant contributions to the company and product was just thrown away like that. I will never let it happen again. However, I believe that it would be fair that a anonymous vote be held to discuss what should be done in this current climate. I propose some of these tactics to mitigate the effects.
> 1. I will freeze/cut my own salary until this period is over. I will take no pay until this rough period is over.
> 2. Every employee will take a temporary 10~20% pay cut. Once this is all over, all employees will be compensated the cut amount and additional pay raises or bonuses.
> 3. Hiring Freeze/Promotion freeze
> 4. Cut working hours hence wages or such

Will I ever be in a position as this? When I have to make the same decision?

I was kinda persuaded by Siyun mentioning I was going to be a **key player.** But I don't want to be part of a company that devalues employees like that. He also said he might promote me after my co-op which is what 6 months - 12 months while I'll be working as a full time software engineer. Like what... I deserve better than this when I'm thrown into such a situation.

I decided. I'm going job search for new positions and jobs in the meanwhile. I'll still do my work and maintain my job responsibilities but I won't stay. No way. I don't think I would even receive shares or stocks for an IPO and even then what are the chances.

I'm taking my talents to South Beach.

#layoffs #layoffs-survivor #boro #workplace