# Saturday, February 27, 2021

## RN Practical Guide (FlexBox)

For `flexbox`, the default `flexDirection: column`.

1. `justifyContent` is how to align the items according to the main axis.
  ex. When `flexDirection: column`, aligns `column`
2. `alignItems` is how to align items in the cross-axis
   ex. When `flexDirection: column`, aligns `row`

`width` specifies how much of the available space from the `parent` element do you want to occupy.

[React Native Layout with Flexbox](https://reactnative.dev/docs/flexbox)

React native views are naturally in flexbox. React on the web is not.

Main axis and cross-axis. The children do not take the max width/height of the main axis of the parent but it will in the cross-axis if not specified.

Cross-axis you can use `stretch` which will force children to take up the space in the cross-axis direction.

1. When you have 3 child components inside the parent
   1. If you specify `flex: 1` for one of the child, it will take up the remaining space on the `main axis` and leave just enough space for the two other components

### FlexBasis, FlexGrow & FlexShrink

`flexBasis` set the default size of an item along the main axis regardless of the axis.
`flexGrow` specifies the distribution of extra space to its children.
* Does not accept floating point values.

`flexShrink` describes how to shrink the children along the main axis where the total size of the children overflow the container in the main axis. You can think of this as the opposite of `flexGrow`. Think of overflowing size as negative remaining space.
* Does not accept floating point numbers.

### Position Layout

`relative` element is positioned according to the normal flow of the layout then offset relative to the position with values from `top, right, bottom, and left`

`absolute` element does not follow the normal flow of layout and is positioned absolute with values from `top, right, bottom and left`.

### Add a key prop to a list of items

`FlatList` does it automatically for you. Otherwise for repeating items, add in a `key` prop.

### Passing in functions as props

```javascript
const changeNameHandler = (name) => {
  setName(name);
};

<InputName setName={changeNameHandler}>

const InputName = ({ setName }) => {
  // useRef would be better here because it would not trigger a rerender
  const [input, setInput] = useState('');
  <View>
    <TextInput
      onChangeText={...}
      value={input}
    />
    <Button
      title="Submit Name"
      onPress={() => setName(input)}
    >
  </View>
}
```