# Friday, April 2, 2021

## Tasks Today

1. Morning Rituals
   1. [ ] Daily Planning
   2. [ ] Daily Reading Articles
   3. [ ] Daily Standup Meeting
2. [ ] Modify the BE code to return 
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 
3. [ ] Task 1
   1. [ ] Keep `userInfo` as original. I'll instead add another object `userData` to hold user info. [Guide on variables, state and such for class components](https://www.pluralsight.com/guides/how-to-use-variables-within-classes)
   2. [ ] Subtask 2

## Questions?

1. Where to find where to find `User` info from `GET_USER`
   1. Fetch the user row `base_query`
2. Where do you find `ft-borocash-all-orders` branch on bitbucket? Is it instead `ft-adding-cash-order-id-payment-history`.
   1. Merge `dev` into `ft-adding-cash-order-id-payment-history`
   2. I'm going to create another branch for this: `ft-no-hit-decline`
3. Will the `ReapplySSNScreen` need to calll the mutation? Do we need to verify if the SSN is correct.
4. Q: I want to ask you about certain tasks for `Boro: No Hit SSN Handling`
   1. [Credit Check Mutation : Connect o Johnnys credit check](https://app.asana.com/0/1125608679435325/1199877348030771)
   2. [Credit Check Mutation Integration and redirecting to respective screens](https://app.asana.com/0/1125608679435325/1199879079358911)

* What are the `data.prepareCashOptions.errors[0]` codes?
  * `010` and `011` exist. What do they mean?
  * Not that important for now
* So when I push `Confirm` on the `ReviewInfo` screen do I go back to `boro-cash-orders` screen
  * Yes I do to go over the credit check again

* What is `ConfigService`? How come I can retrieve `ConfigService.config['ssn']`?
* What is base64 encoding?
  * binary-to-text encoding scheme that represents binary data into an ASCII string by translating into a radix-64 representation
  * Yes there is a [`Cipher` library](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.4.0/libdoc/openssl/rdoc/OpenSSL/Cipher.html) that encrypts it in `AES-128-CBC` encryption.
  * [Explanation of encryption, decryption, hashing](https://blog.cadre.net/encoding-hashing-and-encryption-whats-the-difference#:~:text=A%20base64%20encoded%20message%20to,be%20verified%20by%20the%20receiver.)

What does the hash mean? Is that the hashed id related to the user?
```ruby
puts context[:current_user]
#<User:0x00007ff830c6e4b0>
```
It seems like `context` is a object you set your `current_user` to? Not really sure what it means? It just says after you get your current user from HTTP request, you provide the information to the GraphQL Query. 
* Maybe it's only related to graphql

## Users Data

1. `address` is the combination of `street_number` and `address_route` (street name)

## Tasks for Tommorrow

1. Task 1
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2
2. Task 2
   1. [ ] Subtask 1
   2. [ ] Subtask 2 

## John 3:16-21

>  For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God.
> John 3: 16-20

One thing that stands out is that there is no condemnation for believers. However, the ones who do not believe in Jesus still stands condemned.
#condemnation #salvation