# Year in Review - 2020

What do I even write about? This year is fraught with challenges, hardships and trials. It has been one with God's provision and reliance. It is the year of the pandemic and social isolation. It is the year when Anti-vaxxers and maskers rise up and rise against social good for the sake of personal freedom. Individualism to the brink. It is a time when I graduated with hopeful eyes only to be humbled to realize that nothing in life works out the way you want. Crushing the youthful naivety that if you work hard then you can accomplish your dreams. A year where God reminds that man is not in control that they do not even know when they'll pass away nor even what tomorrow will bring. The death of notable stars, Kobe Bryant and his daughter, Giana, and Chadwick Boseman, who played Black Panther. 

It is a reminder that death comes to all; both to the wise and foolish, the poor and rich. Death comes to all. Even the pandemic that comes to strip away all semblance of regular life, limiting our social interactions and banning gatherings, reminds us we are not in control. Many livelihoods lost and homes displaced. Businesses shutdown and food prices rise. The government provides stimulus checks yet many are wrought in fraud. (The US relief funds funnelled to the rich or large corporation. A sign of insatiable greed of capitalism and the ever-running rat race to more money, more power and more fame.)

Yet even in times as harsh as these, God has been ever faithful and good. Many lost Sons and Daughters are reminded of the truth again and brought back to Him. Many are given prophecies of end times that all through history after Christ has come, this is the end times. Not the raining fire, locusts swarming, plague infesting period but a call for every Christian to submit to God and devote themselves to the Lord. We do not know when the Apocalypse will come. Many human prophets tried to foretell the date yet all come to foolishness and braggarts at best. Human folly to predict what only the Lord knows when Jesus will come again. Yet, the signs will be telling as depicted in revelations with fire, chaos and destruction. With plagues and diseases and natural disasters. All of which is the birthpains to coming of Christ again regaled in full glory and power; finally judging what God forbears so that all might hear the gospel.

Starry-eyed and Naive
I finished school and graduated in Jan 2020 although I submitted my official graduation for May 2020. I was really foolish at the time because I thought 'Oh I could just self-learn Web Development' and get into the Software Industry. I didn't realize it wasn't easy. I was highly optimistic from all the stories on reddit or social media of all the success stories but what about the in-progress or failed stories. All the hype about bootcamp grads coming out to earn 6 figures and working for Fortune 500. Human hubris at the peak. Easy fortune comes from easy means, they tout yet there is nothing easy in life. Chance and fortune come to all.

I even remember in the Summer there was the job fair and me and Keith talked to various different companies and such. Most of them just gave standard answers and Telus just said apply for the EIT program. I was too naive that I could just apply to their Software division without experience, background or education. I should've listened to that Gotham guy and apply for their networks or system side. Man, I really wished I was in co-op program or left my resume to Telus recruiter. I think I would've been given an internship or at least an interview. And talking to the Canadian Immigration dept and they seemed to really like us. They seemed willing to offer a position or at least an interview. I should've taken it but I thought that moving to Ottawa and working for the gov't was mehhhh. To be honest, I would've probably hated it anyways working for the gov't even if I didn't have a job. It's just my desperation talking.

In the beginning, I even thought of starting that Web Novel business with Richard. We were both naive and were unprepared with the amount of dedication of time committed to this project. My uncle dissuaded me from pursuing it for many various reasons. Many of which made perfect sense to me: 
1. I was doing all the technical part (hard part). I should be compensated for doing the majority of the work.
2. I could be the one who does the whole thing. The idea is not hard but the execution.
3. Better to learn Web Development on the side while working part time or for Integral Group.
4. If you know you'll get the job at Integral Group, just go for it. It's 100%.

However, I also realized that my Uncle and Mom are one and the same. Both fear risk and value safety. They always push for their way and reason above what you think. They push for "respecting" authority and any attempts at discussing or arguing against results in dismissal or anger. All in all, I sense great insecurity in both as the more they try to exert control, the more it gives way. Perhaps, to gain a better sense of control in their lives, they try to exert control on the outside. Yet to their own dismay, they are due to a realization that we truly are so powerless indeed. Something I too have been humbled by God to learn myself.

There is nothing certain in life. It's better to take calculated risk towards something than just stick with the status quo or it's secure. I hate that so much. The risk towards something better you know will pan out should be taken. There's risk and uncertainty all over life but you have to weigh the pros/cons towards something. Especially when you see that the reward is much greater than the risks or costs.

I also learned that it's so important to get founders or individuals who are competent. It doesn't matter if they're your "friends". I just see Richard working for the Private Universities student loans financial advisor and it's a completely crappy job. Why work there in the first place? And to be honest, Richard has great ideas and insights yet what's the point if you don't put it in practice. What value does he bring in the team? Is he the of the 3 Essential Types for Founding Members:

1. **Highly Technical Person** - The one who can implement all technical implementation or execution. (ex. Scott/Jerry)
2. **Highly Motivated Person** - The person who stands firm amidst difficulties and setbacks. The person who works hard, diligent and keeps the team on track. (ex. Alec/Jerry)
3. **Highly Social Person** - The face of the company or the one who who gives the talks, presentation or is the brand ambassador, who can stand in the limelight and pitch or persuade.

Richard's not one of these. Although I like him and enjoy his company, he's not a person I would start a company. He doesn't seem highly motivated, nor technical in the aspect of software nor will be the face of the company any time soon.

Likewise it is the same with picking friends. I thought it was okay to just be friends with people you like but I was wrong and foolish. Be friends with people you admire and the ones who has characteristics you desire. (ex. Alec & Jerry) They're both highly independent and diligent. They work hard and has ambitions to do value work or are not content on comfy life or just boring work or job. It's more than ambitions. It's more like they align themselves with their values towards work or a life that is meaningful and purpose-driven. They're not okay with passing or satisfactory.

I was foolish to think that getting a job was easy or it would be quick. I had no software experience or web development experience. I didn't do well in my CS courses although that shouldn't matter. But the one thing I don't regret is going into this field. I find it highly engaging and rewarding. Seeing your work materialize in an semi-concrete and practical way is so rewarding. In engineering, all we did is learn theory or analysis or reports on experiments but nothing concrete enough you would see. I just find seeing that your work is being translated into something you can see is so rewarding. Especially, I like seeing that my designs were implemented really provided value since I believe I have an eye for design or aesthetics. All in all I do not regret going into this field at all.

But, I wished I did do some things differently.
I wished I stuck with a curriculum to the end. Whether that was The Odin Project or the Full Stack Open, I wished I just stuck with it to the end. Why?
 It gave structure to your learning and you can measure progress by how curriculum progress.
These curriculum encourages projects so you have projects to put on your resume.
Don't have to search for material elsewhere. You main learning material is there so you don't have to scour or try out different material to see what is best.
Finally, the accomplishment of finishing these courses or curriculum is great. Something that you can be proud of and is highly rewarding.
Found a part-time work to do during working
I should've just applied for Technical Support, Call center or Costco workers. It would've gave structure to my days instead of mindlessly learning without deadlines. The days just seemed to pass so quickly.
I should've ignored my mom in her fear-mongering. I let her dictate what she wants instead of doing what is best for myself (Another point but valid in this situation)
Earn some money for living expenses.
Perhaps I should've talked to the school to see if I could do a Masters despite my low GPA. Like, it would've been highly beneficial to me.
I didn't have any job prospects so might as well try.
I should've tried applying to OMCMS in the beginning since I didn't know what will happen.
Maybe, I should've taken some more courses in CS or computer engineering. At least, school provides structure to your daily routine.

My job application spreadsheet showed that I started applying again in Aug 3. I probably did apply for positions before May but basically all responses were rejections. No one hired for a period for 4 months between Mar - July. It was only in August when jobs started beginning. Basically for 6 months or so it was so difficult to find positions or jobs. All positions in Vancouver were all Senior or Intermediate positions. I applied to 108 jobs over the course of 5 months (mainly 4 months because by early December I just stopped). This is not counting all the applications before the Covid hiring freeze.




Total Applications
Technical Assignments
Interviews
Offers
108
3
6
1
I felt so ashamed that I couldn't find a job for so long. I didn't even want to talk about it to other people because it was so depressing. Yet, in this time there's a couple people that I have to thank for encouraging, helping or giving help throughout this time.
Good List:
Alec - I owe him an expensive dinner at a Steak house, Korean BBQ or gift. He helped out so much with the talk about values and goals. Just helping alongside and doing technical questions or such. Also was there when I needed to talk about the shady position. (Keith said to do it because of desperation. Alec advised not to or to reconsider if it was worth it.)
D - I owe D a game or something because he reached out when other people didn't. He gave advice for my resume (I really should've listened or modified  Don't know why I didn't apply it). And genuinely cared.
Jerry - It was just good to talk to him during job searching period. Like, to listen about other people and listen to his advice and such. I should give him a gift.
Justin - He reached out to his recruiter for me and to find another recruiter to help. That's something no one else really did and I owe him for it. I should get more than just the keycap for him. Probably treat him to a meal or something as well.
Bad List:
Fabio - This guy pissed me off. I got pissed at him when I lost to him in basketball. Fine w.e. I'm salty about it but it's just basketball. Then this guy said he can review my resume so I sent it to him. He didn't even read it or reply at all. I don't like this guy at all. Don't offer something you won't do. Even if you did, keep your promise and do it even if you don't like it or like me. Piss me off.
Henry - I dislike this guy so much. He's super toxic and arrogant. He never admits his mistakes or apologizes about anything. Worse is that he's dismissive of other people, condescending and degrades other peoples. I hate these type of people. The ones who aren't aware enough to see that he's like Kevin although he touts that he's superior or gossips behind people's back. I won't stand it anymore and I refuse to be close friends. I never had similar interests nor had deep meaningful conversations. He doesn't have empathy or try to understand and I can see why the relationship with Jessica is so rocky. Like, I don't even know his ambitions or values or goals. I dislike him.
Alec too - I hate how he made it seem like it was so easy. That is was so easy to get this job or that or apply to other places. Perhaps, it was easy for other friends who did got jobs but their credentials, experience or recommendations or such gave them a leg up. No one is willing to sponsor for a Visa especially in a time like this. Perhaps, I should've tried but my best bet was national. This guy has no empathy and he's stubborn to the point of "Just work hard." Like yea I now but I wanted empathy or understanding. At least, acknowledgement of my struggle but just work harder. I felt ashamed that I wasn't able to find a job already and such.
Indifferent
I just wished there was friend encouraging in job searching or seeking. That it'll be okay or just keep applying. Like, the friend group no one really did. I felt so disappointed 😢. Like I had no one to talk to about all of these.

This makes me realize how important it is to find friends that care or friends that you admire. I'm just so sick of being in relationships or friendships where I always seek out or do this or that but there's a lack of reciprocation. Find friends of pure gold and silver. Ones you admire or have characters you approve of. Difficult but there's much value in it.

Grace of God

God has been so gracious to me throughout this past year. He showed me who I am in Him, my identity and worth hinged on the blood of Christ not by achievements or works but by grace through faith. 
He has fathered me and accepted me into the Kingdom of His Son. I belong to me and He is the perfect father.
He is the perfect lover. I am the bride of Christ and He is my groom. I yield to Him and surrender all that I am to Him. I am safe, comforted, loved, embraced, intimate and loved by Him. God is everything I need.
Where I have been constantly disappointed in people, God is there for me. When I tried to give up several times, Jesus kept encouraging me to persevere on. He never abandoned me or ignored me nor forsaken me. Throughout this entire year, He kept working on my character, attitude, perspective and faith.
He demonstrated to me that my own power is nothing. I have no control and can not do anything. All of my plans and my striving in applications yielded nothing. Even what I was certain of, the job with Integral Group, was rejected due to Covid. All of what I placed hope in, specifically in myself, all failed. All of it wrung out before God like a dirty rag. He showed me His strength is enough. I am nothing without Him. I only produce fruit in Him. So I remain in Him and He remains in me.

The Sovereign Lord is my strength. He sustains me through periods of famine or drought. Where the fields are barren or the pens empty, He is my delight. He will rescue me. He will save me as He has saved me through Jesus Christ, His Son. Worthy is the Lamb to be slain that all my sins has been accounted for onto his body and blood. By His wounds I am healed fully to be restored to what I was created to be. He transforms me by His Spirit to be like Jesus in anything. He alone is my strength. 

His grace is sufficient for me. In my weakness, at the my lowest point when I have given up, God showed me His power is made perfect in weakness. When we realize how powerless we are and turn to trust in the Lord, His power shines so brightly because God works to demonstrate that only He is Lord. Only He is God. When we realize we can't, He shows only He can. All for the glory of God. It is selfish or self-centered for it to be all about the Glory of God. No for He is the one who is not selfish at all but loving towards us. He is the same God who gave up His Son freely so we may live. He demonstrated ultimate love when He by mercy took on our transgressions nailing it to the tree. Our debt has been paid and Jesus reconciled us to God finally, peace established and enmity removed. Glory of God is due and duly deserved. He shines so bright and we should glorify and praise Him for He deserves much much more than we give Him. He is the center. He alone is good. If we fix our eyes upon Him and worship Him alone, all will be well. Sin no threat because the Spirit of God is at work at us transforming us. The desires of the flesh holds no grasp as our hearts are turned towards Him. 

God rebuked me once again and reminded of the verse He revealed me last co-op: "Seek the Kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you". Seek God first and delight in Him. Not for any benefit or prayer answered but to enjoy Him intimately. He is the living water who quenches your thirst. He is the bread of life of which you hunger no more. Jesus is all that your heart longs for. He is the one who made it of course. He desires for you to know Him as He knows you. He made you for an intimate relationship, one so intimate that it cannot leave you unchanged rather you become more like Him. His radiance shines on you as Moses entered into the presence of God. You become transformed through intimacy. He knows, understands, accepts, cares, teaches, rebukes, corrects, trains, protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres and never fails you. He is love. He wants you to know Him so you will be full of it. So that we become love and reproduce onto ourselves what God, three in one, is like with each other. All for the glory of God.

He strengthened my faith and perseverance. He showed me through the book: "Adult Children of Emotionally Immature Parents" that all along I have been living under the shadow of my parents. I have been living for the role self, the imagined role that my mom assigned me so that she would feel better. She would feel like she would be a successful parent; All self-centered and egotistic. That is why there was such tremendous pressure to succeed or to be successful. That is why failure was not tolerated. She would use what we told her in trust and use it to yell at us or scold us. She would always dismiss us of our achievements or accomplishments that we weren't good enough. Never good enough for her. I agree I will never be good enough for all her sacrifices. I don't have to be because Christ has come. He is my Lord now and I live for Him. I will honour my parents by supporting them financially but I won't yield myself to them. I will use discernment and wisdom from God to choose what to obey and follow. I will consider my own needs and desires instead of neglecting myself for others. I will pursue what I believe to be true and worthy of pursuing not for them because I owe them nothing. My life is purchased by the blood of Christ so I belong to Him and He to me. I will live my life for God not for my Mom or Dad.

My Dad disappointed me so much. All those times my mom yelled at me or punished me. All those times she just let loose her tirade and lashed her anger at us. All those times she hurt us or insulted us. He was not there. He was never there to comfort, protect, calm, teach or guide us. He was never beside us teaching us about what we should do nor guide us upon our mistakes. He was never there. He failed both me and my sister. All this time I was seeking a father figure because my own father was absent. I sought after Uncle Kedar, Pastor Charlie yet time and time again they let me down and disappointed me. Yet in this time, God reminded me that He is the perfect Father in heaven. He comforts, protects and does all the things a father would do and even more so. I feel safe in Him like no other. He is my strength, my fortress and my rock. I do not fear because He is with me.

I feel disappointed in Uncle Kedar. I hate how he expects so much of me like trying to convert my family to Christianity yet doing nothing. I hate how he assume I'll evangelize to my parents about Christ yet not understand how stubborn they are. I hate how He too is an emotionally immature parent who seems so similar to my mom, so controlling, shows anger and spite and is just plain unlikable. I feel so disappointed that throughout this time no comforting words no nothing. Not even a congratulation after all I went through. Never again will I give my heart to people undeserving. No longer will I choose people unworthy to give my heart to. Ultimately it is God who owns it and my entire devotion yet still I will be wise and discern who to trust as close friends. They deserve no intimacy nothing from me. No more.

Screw Kathy and her egotistic, self-centered ways. She acted like a princess and emotionally manipulated to serve her. She always guilt-tripped me and blamed me for everything, never taking responsibility at all. She was so needy and required me to always do things for her yet she did nothing for me. Even when I was working part-time and using my student loans to pay for dinners or food and such, she felt nothing for me nor encouraged or comforted me. She's so selfish and only concerns about herself. I regret giving my heart to someone so deceitful and manipulative. Who gossips around people's backs and probably about me to others. She remains her innocence but I know she purposely let a lot of guys around allowing them to give her gifts or treat her or such yet she did nothing to stop it. She is like the adulteress that leads men to the grave. If you are with her, you wish you were dead. Never again. I will choose someone who wants to know me and truly accept me for who I am. No longer for someone so selfish and self-centered. I will seek after one who loves God with all her heart. I will submit to God that He will provide someone. That person will not be perfect nor will be ideal but I trust that she will want to know me, care for me and try to understand. We will communicate not in passive aggressive tones but try to understand each other and thoughts. We'll try to accept each other and work things out instead of just being hot-n-cold to emotionally manipulate me to be who she wants me to be. Screw her. I will serve God alone and allow only Him to transform me.

Conclusion:
It was a difficult and trying time. I have went through so many ups and downs. I wanted to give several times and go for an easy route. Yet, through all this God strengthened me. He showed me that His grace is enough for me. He cares for me so much beyond all my understanding. He loves me and accepts me alone. No one truly can. Only God did and He did by Jesus' death and resurrection. "When I was a sinner, Christ died for me." For all that I did and was, God knowing fully who I was, He died for me because He loves me. I love Him too 💕 He is good to me  

Reflections
I'm going to Toronto or US or wherever to work. I won't let my parents stop me. I owe them nothing. I will support them financially and such but I won't let them prevent me from doing what I want to do. I am not the solution to their needs or problems. Jesus is. Only God can save. I will trust in Him alone. If I am to love them, it will be by God's strength alone. I cant even take care of myself, why should I take care of them also.
I will be wise in making friends. I will make friends with people who care about me or who I admire. Not just because I've known them for a long time. I will choose carefully those in my upper tier of friends. I don't demand doing things for them and such but if they don't reciprocate or aren't there for me then screw them. (ex. Henry, Keith) One-sided.
I will trust in God's strength alone. No more trying by my weak strength. I will rely on God alone. The Sovereign Lord is my strength. I can do nothing without Him. I am who I am by the grace of God that is at work in me.
I will seek a partner who desires to know me. I'm gonna date or marry someone who cares about me or tries to know me. To know me means being intimate with me, accepting me and trying to understand me. We may not agree on everything nor will there be no arguments. But it's about being willing to work things out.
I will give myself completely to God alone. He is my comfort and strength. He is the perfect Father in Heaven who cares for me, accepts me and comforts me. He understands me and delights in me. His joy is when I get to know Him and rejoice in Him. He alone deserves all my devotion and worship.

